August Rush is a 2007 musical drama film directed by Kirsten Sheridan and produced by Richard Barton Lewis. The screenplay is by Nick Castle and James V. Hart, with a story by Paul Castro and Castle. It involves an 11-year-old musical prodigy living in an orphanage who runs away to New York City. He begins to unravel the mystery of who he is, all while his mother is searching for him and his father is searching for her. The many different sounds and rhythms he hears throughout his journey culminate in a major instrumental composition, which concludes the film ("August's Rhapsody").
The D66 strain of Chlamydomonas reinhardtii, a single-celled green alga, is a cell-wall-deficient strain of algae that exhibits normal photosynthetic characteristics, but requires ammonia as a source of nitrogen for growth.[1] This strain of green algae is becoming an increasingly popular research organism due to its potential to be used as a source of biofuels. The D66 strain's potential to produce clean and renewable biofuel has also made it an increasingly important topic in the field of conservation biology.
David's Supermarkets (often shortened to David's) was an independently owned supermarket chain headquartered in Grandview, Texas, United States. Founded in 1964, David's operated 25 stores in North Central Texas and Northeast Texas, concentrated in very small communities not served by other chains.[5]
Astronomy in Serbia  is developed in accordance with the country's economic capabilities, or even slightly above them.[1] Astronomical Observatory Belgrade (on Zvezdara), founded in 1887, is one of the oldest scientific institutions in Serbia.[1] Serbia is a member of the International Astronomical Union since 1935.[1]
The Autobetrieb Sernftal AG is a bus operating company in the Swiss canton of Glarus. The company operates under the trading name of Sernftalbus. The company is the successor to the company that operated the Sernftal tramway between Schwanden and Elm between 1905 and 1969. It still operates the bus service that replaced that tramway, together with several other bus services in the area, and a coach hire business.[1][2][3]
The Empire Slovak Open (previously known as the Empire Trnava Cup) is a tournament for professional female tennis players played on outdoor clay courts. The event is classified as a $100,000 ITF Women's Circuit tournament and has been held in Trnava, Slovakia, since 2009.
The Hebron United States Post Office is a historic building in Hebron, Nebraska. It was built in 1937, and designed in the Moderne style by U.S. supervising architect Louis A. Simon.[3] Inside there is a mural by Eldora Lorenzini, completed in 1939.[3] The building has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since May 11, 1992, as US Post Office-Hebron.[1]
Jim Pewter is an american radio DJ, songwriter, producer, linernotes author and an authority about pop, rock, surf music/surf rock, rockabilly, doo wop, oldies, and jazz. Pewter was host of the daily radio program The Jim Pewter Show, heard worldwide on Armed Forces Radio and Television Service for thirty-plus years, and his show was the first music show to be broadcast to our troops serving in Desert Storm.[1]
Riad Asmat (born 17 November 1971 in Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia) is a Malaysian businessman. He is the son of Perodua Chairman Tan Sri Datuk Asmat Kamaludin. He is the former CEO of the Caterham F1 Team and Team Principal of the Caterham Racing GP2 team. Tony Fernandes and fellow shareholders Kamarudin Meranun and SM Nasarudin later promoted Asmat to Group CEO of Caterham Group for Caterham F1 Team, Caterham Cars, Caterham Racing, merchandising, engineering and all related interests.
Otto I (born 954, died 31 October or 1 November 982) was the Duke of Swabia from 973 and Duke of Bavaria from 976. He was a member of the Ottonian dynasty, the only son of Duke Liudolf of Swabia and his wife Ida, and thus a grandson of the Emperor Otto I and his Anglo-Saxon wife Eadgyth. His sister Mathilde was the abbess of Essen Abbey.[1]
As of September 2020, this is a list of supermarket chains, past and present, which operate or have branches in more than one country, whether under the parent corporation's name or another name.  For supermarkets that are only in one country, see the breakdown by continent at the bottom of this page. Numbers are provided as the largest reported, and are largely inaccurate.
Kelly Brian Shoppach (pronounced SHOP-ick; born April 29, 1980) is an American former professional baseball catcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Boston Red Sox, Cleveland Indians, Tampa Bay Rays, New York Mets, Seattle Mariners and Pittsburgh Pirates.
The 50th International 500-Mile Sweepstakes was held at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway in Speedway, Indiana on Monday, May 30, 1966. The official program cover for the race celebrated both the 50th running of the race, and 150th anniversary of Indiana statehood.
Donald Michel Marcotte (born April 15, 1947) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who served his entire National Hockey League career with the Boston Bruins and was noted as a premier defensive forward, while being versatile enough to play any forward position.
oBIX (for Open Building Information Exchange) is a standard for RESTful Web Services-based interfaces to building control systems. oBIX is about reading and writing data over a network of devices using XML and URIs, within a framework specifically designed for building automation.
An aortic sinus, also known as a sinus of Valsalva,[1] is one of the anatomic dilations of the ascending aorta, which occurs just above the aortic valve. These widenings are between the wall of the aorta and each of the three cusps of the aortic valve.[2]
KBZI (100.7 FM) was a radio station broadcasting a hot adult contemporary format. Previously licensed to Deerfield, Missouri, it served Pittsburg, Kansas area. The station was owned by American Media Investments, and was branded as B100.7 until May 2008.
Robert I. Gruber is a former United States Air Force officer who served as an assistant to the director, Air National Guard, for special projects, as the Air National Guard assistant to the judge advocate general and as principal advisor on Air National Guard legal services matters to the judge advocate general.  His responsibilities included training oversight and operational readiness of more than 260 Air National Guard attorneys and more than 160 Air National Guard paralegals, and as chair of the judge advocate general's Air National Guard council, coordinating policies and programs for Air National Guard judge advocates and paralegals with the judge advocate general and the director, Air National Guard.[1]
Bummer and Lazarus were two stray dogs that roamed the streets of San Francisco, California, United States, in the early 1860s. Recognized for their unique bond and their prodigious rat-killing ability, they became a fixture of city newspapers, were exempted from local ordinances, and immortalized in cartoons.
Anna Mudeka is a Zimbabwean-British musician, business executive and music festival organizer.[1] She is the organizer of the Southburgh Festival of World Music in Southburgh in the Breckland district[2] of mid-Norfolk, East Anglia, England. 
The festival raises money for the Mudeka Foundation, a charity that seeks "... to provide orphans  in Zimbabwe with an opportunity for an education."[3][4][5][6]
Mykola Olkesandrovych Levchenko (born October 16, 1979, Donetsk) is the Ukrainian politician, People's Deputy of Ukraine of the 7th convocation, Candidate of Historical Sciences. Is well known for his statements against conducting of the anti-terrorist operation and for settling the conflict in Donbas peacefully.[1] Since 2016 is the Head of the international fund "Donbas without weapons".
Howard C. Bauchner, vice chairman of pediatrics at the Boston University School of Medicine, was the editor-in-chief of the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) from July 1, 2011 until June 30, 2021.[2][3] During his time with JAMA he created the JAMA Network family of specialty journals, launched four new journals (JAMA Oncology, JAMA Cardiology,  JAMA Network Open, JAMA Health Forum), created many new article types, established a relationship with the United States Preventive Services Task Force, and expanded the journal's digital presence through website redesign, search engine optimization of journal websites, and expanded social media and multimedia activity.[4] He stepped down from the editor-in-chief position  in partial response to a JAMA Network podcast addressing structural racism.[5]
The Razor's Edge is a 1946 American drama film based on W. Somerset Maugham's 1944 novel of the same name. It stars Tyrone Power, Gene Tierney, John Payne, Anne Baxter, Clifton Webb, and Herbert Marshall, with a supporting cast including Lucile Watson, Frank Latimore, and Elsa Lanchester. Marshall plays Somerset Maugham. The film was directed by Edmund Goulding.
Poplar is a neighborhood in Lower North Philadelphia.  It is located north of Callowhill,[citation needed] between Spring Garden/Fairmount and Northern Liberties,[1] bounded roughly by Girard Avenue to the north, North Broad Street to the west, Spring Garden Street to the south, and 5th Street to the east.[citation needed] The neighborhood is mostly residential with commercial frontage on Broad Street and Girard Avenue and some industrial facilities to the west of the railroad tracks along Percy St. and 9th St.
Alfonso Barrera Valverde (1929-2013) was an Ecuadorian writer and diplomat. He was born in Ambato in 1929, the sixth of seven siblings. The family moved to Quito, where the young Alfonso studied at the Colegio La Salle and then at the Central University of Ecuador. He also did postgraduate studies at Harvard University.
Joshua Aaron Phegley (born February 12, 1988) is an American former professional baseball catcher and current director of player development for Michigan. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Chicago White Sox, Oakland Athletics, and Chicago Cubs.
Old Neck Historic District is a national historic district located at Belvidere, near Hertford, Perquimans County, North Carolina.  The district encompasses 44 contributing buildings, 5 contributing sites, 12 contributing structures, and 1 contributing object in a rural agricultural area near Hertford. The district developed between about 1813 and 1946, and includes notable examples of Federal and Greek Revival, and Colonial Revival style architecture. Located in the district are the separately listed Fletcher-Skinner-Nixon Plantation and Cove Grove Plantation.  Other notable buildings include the Francis Nixon Plantation, William Jones Plantation, Thomas Nixon Plantation, Winslow Farm, John Newbold Farm, and Matthew Towe Farm.[2]
The 1986 Giro d'Italia was the 69th edition of the Giro d'Italia, one of cycling's Grand Tours. The Giro began in Palermo, with a prologue individual time trial on 12 May, and Stage 11 occurred on 22 May with a stage to Castiglione del Lago. The race finished in Merano on 2 June. 
Gavin Harlien (born August 20, 1999) is an American professional off-road racing driver. He has raced in the Lucas Oil Off Road Racing Series, Global RallyCross Championship, and Stadium Super Trucks. Harlien has also competed in stock car racing like the ARCA Menards Series.
The Getchell Mine is an underground gold mine in the Potosi Mining District of Humboldt County, Nevada, on the east flank of the Osgood Mountains, 35 miles northeast of Winnemucca. Prospectors Edward Knight and Emmet Chase discovered gold in 1933 and located the first claims in 1934. With the financial backing of Noble Getchell and George Wingfield, the Getchell Mine, Inc. was organized in 1936 and the mine was brought into production in 1938.[2][3]
Rakuten Viki is an American video streaming website. It streams videos similar to other services, but also allows users to subtitle content available in 200 languages as well as providing original programming. Headquartered in San Mateo, California,[1] it has offices in Singapore, Tokyo, Japan, and Seoul, South Korea.[2]
Tirone Esperidiao David, OC OOnt FRCS (born November 20, 1944) is a Brazilian-born Canadian cardiac surgeon and professor of surgery at the University of Toronto. He is an attending cardiac surgeon at the Peter Munk Cardiac Centre, Toronto General Hospital. He is  known for his 2007 development of a valve sparing aortic root replacement procedure to preserve the aortic valve in patients with aortic root aneurysms such as in Marfan syndrome; it is now known as the "David Operation".[1]
The Libyan People's Court is an emergency tribunal founded in Libya after the revolution of 1 September 1969. Although its initial purpose was to try the officials of the overthrown Kingdom, many others also were tried by this court. This article discusses only the trial of officials of the Kingdom.
The Clitunno, in Antiquity the Clitumnus, is a river in Umbria, Italy. The name is of uncertain origin, but it was also borne by the river god. The Clitunno rises from a spring within a dozen metres of the ancient Via Flaminia near the town of Campello sul Clitunno between Spoleto and Trevi.
"The Battle of Armageddon" is a hymn written by Roy Acuff and Odell McLeod.  It warns of the coming Judgment Day and references the Book of Revelation.  The song became associated with Hank Williams when MGM Records released it as a posthumous single.  Between January and May 1949, Williams had pre-recorded early morning radio shows for Johnnie Fair Syrup, and MGM issued several songs from the surviving acetates as singles to satisfy the unyielding demand product by the late country singer, who was quickly becoming a mythic figure in country music.[1] Co-writer Roy Acuff had been a primary influence on Williams' music.  Williams pronounces "Armageddon" as "Am-be-gotten" and usually ignored his producer Fred Rose's demands that he enunciate his words with more sophistication.[2]
The Harper County Courthouse, located at 201 N. Jennings Ave. in Anthony, is the seat of government of Harper County, Kansas. Built in 1907, the courthouse replaced a smaller and more modest courthouse and represented the county's prosperity at the time. The construction of the courthouse also settled a lingering controversy over Harper County's seat. George P. Washburn, a prominent Kansas architect, designed the courthouse. The courthouse's design features four corner towers and a clock tower at the center of the building. The west and east entrances to the building feature stone porches. The arched third-story windows of the courthouse are connected by a band of stone encircling the building.[2]
IndiHome (abbreviated from Indonesia Digital Home) is a home telephone, internet, and Internet Protocol television services owned by Telkom Indonesia.[1] IndiHome was launched on 2015 to replace Speedy.[2] Its packages also come with digital music portal services and Home Automation.[3]
A Snow Baby (or Snowbaby) is a small figurine, usually of a child, that depicts some aspect of the Christmas holidays or of winter sports. The traditional snow baby is made of unglazed biscuit porcelain (or bisque) and shows a child dressed in a snowsuit; the suit itself is covered in small pieces of crushed bisque, giving the appearance of fallen snowflakes. Figurines of other characters were also made, including Santa Claus, elves and animals such as penguins and polar bears.
Universitas HKBP Nommensen (English: Nommensen HKBP University) or UHN is a private university with campuses located in Medan and Pematang Siantar, North Sumatra, Indonesia. The university belongs to Batak Protestant Christian Church (Indonesian: Huria Kristen Batak Protestan or HKBP) and is named after the German Lutheran missionary Ludwig Ingwer Nommensen from the Rhenish Missionary Society.
Vincent Ruguga (born 12 December 1959) is an Ugandan male long-distance runner. He competed in the marathon event at the 1984 Summer Olympics and 1988 Summer Olympics.[1] His personal best for the marathon is 2h 17' 46", set at the 1990 Boston Marathon.[2]
"Holler Back" is a song written by Stokes Nielson and Tim James, and recorded by American country music band The Lost Trailers.  The song is the band's fourth chart single on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts, and their first Top 40 hit on that chart.  It was released in February 2008 as the title track and lead-off single to their album Holler Back, released in August 2008 on BNA Records.[1]
The Very Best of Asleep at the Wheel is the 16th studio album by American country band Asleep at the Wheel. Recorded at Bismeaux Studio in Austin, Texas and Bradley's Barn in Nashville, Tennessee, it was produced by the band's frontman Ray Benson and released on June 5, 2001, by Relentless Nashville, an imprint of Madacy Entertainment Group. The album was issued in the United Kingdom in 2003 by Evangeline Records under the title Take Me Back to Tulsa.
A mandrel, mandril, or arbor is a gently tapered cylinder against which material can be forged or shaped (e.g., a ring mandrel - also called a triblet[1] - used by jewelers to increase the diameter of a wedding ring), or a flanged or tapered or threaded bar that grips a workpiece to be machined in a lathe. A flanged mandrel is a parallel bar of a specific diameter with an integral flange towards one end, and threaded at the opposite end. Work is gripped between the flange and a nut on the thread. A tapered mandrel (often called a plain mandrel) has a taper of approximately 0.005 inches per foot and is designed to hold work by being driven into an accurate hole on the work, gripping the work by friction. A threaded mandrel may have a male or female thread, and work which has an identical thread is screwed onto the mandrel.
The Emerson String Quartet, also known as the Emerson Quartet,[1] is an American string quartet that was initially formed as a student group at the Juilliard School in 1976. It was named for American  poet and philosopher Ralph Waldo Emerson and began touring professionally in 1976.[2] The ensemble taught in residence at The Hartt School in the 1980s and is currently (2022) the quartet in residence at Stony Brook University.[3] Both of the founding violinists studied with Oscar Shumsky at Juilliard, and the two alternated as first and second violinists for the group. The Emerson Quartet was one of the first such ensembles with the two violinists alternating chairs.[4]
The Frederick C. Jensen House is a historic house in Mount Pleasant, Utah. It was built in 1891 by Frederick C. Jensen, an immigrant from Denmark whose parents had converted to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.[2] After his father died, his mother relocated to Utah with her son in 1861.[2] Jensen became a cabinet maker and furniture dealer in Mount Pleasant.[2] His house was designed in the Victorian Eclectic style, with Eastlake, Second Empire, Classical Revival, and Carpenter Gothic features.[2] Jensen bequeathed it to the Wasatch Academy.[2] It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since April 19, 1982.[1]
Charles Sikubwabo is a Rwandan fugitive war criminal wanted for his role in the 1994 Rwandan genocide. He served as mayor of Gishyita commune, Kibuye prefecture, from 1993 till July 1994. According to the indictment against him,[1] Sikubwabo played an instrumental role in the murder of Tutsis in the Kibuye region during the genocide, including personally participating in killings. During this period, in contact with Clement Kayishema, Obed Ruzindana, and Aloys Ndimbati, amongst others, he facilitated the murders of Tutsis who sought refuge in the Bisesero hills. He is believed to be in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo today.
Neurorehabilitation and Neural Repair is a peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes papers in the fields of rehabilitation and clinical neurology. The editor-in-chief is Randolph J. Nudo, PhD (University of Kansas Medical Center). It was established in 1987 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with American Society of Neurorehabilitation.
Jill Beck (born 1949) is an American dancer, scholar, administrator and educator. She served as the 15th president of Lawrence University from July 2004 to 2013.[1][2] On February 2, 2012, Beck announced her intention to retire, and was succeeded by Mark Burstein.[3]
The 2013 PFF National Men's U-23 Championship (known as the PFF-Suzuki U-23 Championship for sponsorship reasons) is the second edition of a football tournament in the Philippines organized by the Philippine Football Federation (PFF) and Japanese automaker Suzuki. It is the national competition of Men's Under-23 players representing the member associations of Philippine Football Federation.[1]
Vice admiral is a three-star flag officer rank in the Indian Navy. It is the second-highest active rank in the Indian Navy. Vice admiral ranks above the two-star rank of rear admiral and below the four-star rank of admiral, which is held by the Chief of the Naval Staff (CNS).
The Guggenheim Treasure was lost on September 26, 1903. The barge Harold moved out of dock at the South Street Seaport in New York City with 7,700 silver and lead ingots, bound for American Smelting and Refining Company in Perth Amboy, New Jersey. The silver and the smelters belonged to the Guggenheim family. The barge sank off Staten Island, and was never recovered.[1]
National Cyber Security Awareness Month (NCSAM) is observed in October in the United States of America.[1][2] Started by the National Cyber Security Division within the Department of Homeland Security and the nonprofit National Cyber Security Alliance, the month raises awareness about the importance of cybersecurity.[3]
Computational semantics is the study of how to automate the process of constructing and reasoning with meaning representations of natural language expressions.[1] It consequently plays an important role in natural-language processing and computational linguistics.
Saint Anne's Hill Historic District is part of the Historic Inner East neighborhood in Dayton, Ohio, United States. St. Anne's Hill constitutes a grouping of both vernacular and high style Victorian residences which date roughly from 1860 to the early 20th century. Having originally been platted in 1802 by German immigrants, the neighborhood is significant for its German heritage.[2] Stivers School for the Arts is located within St. Anne's Hill.
Sticky (born Richard Forbes) is a UK garage producer. He is best known for his 2001 hit "Booo!" featuring Ms. Dynamite, which peaked at number 12 on the UK Singles Chart[1] and number one on the UK Dance Singles Chart,[2] and for the tracks "Triplets" and "Things We Do" featuring Kele Le Roc (which itself samples "Triplets").[3]
A molar pregnancy also known as a hydatidiform mole, is an abnormal form of pregnancy in which a non-viable fertilized egg implants in the uterus. A molar pregnancy is a type of gestational trophoblastic disease that used to be known as a hydatidiform mole.[1] A molar pregnancy grows into a mass in the uterus that has swollen chorionic villi that grow in clusters resembling grapes.[2] A molar pregnancy can develop when a fertilized egg does not contain an original maternal nucleus. The products of conception may or may not contain fetal tissue. Molar pregnancies are categorized as partial moles or complete moles, with the word 'mole' being used to denote simply a clump of growing tissue, or a 'growth'.
The South Carolina High School League (SCHSL) is an organization that regulates high school sports in South Carolina. Each year since 1916, the SCHSL has crowned a state champion in football. Every fall, a postseason consisting of a 16 school bracket is played to determine a winner.
The Focke-Wulf Super Lorin was a proposed German jet interceptor project. Designed towards the end of World War II by engineer Heinz von Halen, the project remained only a factory design exercise, and never received an RLM airframe number before the surrender of Nazi Germany.[1]
The Jerring Award (Swedish: Jerringpriset or "Radiosportens Jerringpris") is a prize established by Radiosporten, the sport section of Sveriges Radio, voted by its radio audience who choose the Swedish athlete or team that has made the best sport performance of the year. The prize is named after Swedish radio personality Sven Jerring. It is also called "the prize of the people", since it is the radio audience who vote. There has around 2010-2019 been criticism on the fact that there has been campaigns within sports with many amateurs, so that golf and horse jumping has been awarded.
Chavakachcheri railway station is a railway station in the town of Chavakachcheri in northern Sri Lanka. Owned by Sri Lanka Railways, the state-owned railway operator, the station is part of the Northern Line which links the north with the capital Colombo. The popular Yarl Devi service used to call at the station. The station has not been functioning since 1990 due to the civil war.
Local elections were held in 22 localities in Malta on 10 March 2007. The last round of elections held in 2004, on the same day of the national election for the Maltese Members for the European Parliament (MEPs). Approximately 68% of the eligible voters turned up on election day. With the locality of Safi with the highest percentage (86%); and the locality of Swieqi with the lowest percentage (53%). The largest locality was that of Mosta and the smallest one was that of San Lawrenz, Gozo.
The Red Square Classic and the Moscow Classic are annual bonspiels (curling tournaments) on the men's World Curling Tour (WCT). The Red Square Classic is played outdoors at Red Square,[1] while the Moscow Classic is played at the New League curling club in Moscow, Russia. Both events are held in early February within a week of each other.
William Byrd High School is a public secondary school located in Roanoke County, Virginia and is part of the Roanoke County Public Schools system.  The school has many successful athletic programs as well as award-winning music, theater, forensics, and scholastic bowl programs.
Do Animals Have Rights? is a 2005 non-fiction book on animal rights by British philosopher Alison Hills from the University of Bristol. The book explores the ethics of factory farming, animal experimentation and other issues involving animals from a philosophical analysis.[1]
Baseball pocket billiards or baseball pool (sometimes, in context, referred to simply as baseball) is a pocket billiards (pool) game suitable for multiple players that borrows phraseology and even some aspects of form from the game of baseball. For instance, although baseball pool is played on a standard pool table, the 9 ball is known as the "pitcher", the table's foot spot where balls are racked is known as "home plate", and each team or player is afforded "nine innings" to score as many "runs" as possible.[1][2][3]
In enzymology, an oligosaccharide 4-alpha-D-glucosyltransferase (EC 2.4.1.161) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction in which the non-reducing terminal alpha-D-glucose residue is transferred from a 1,4-alpha-D-glucan to the 4-position of an alpha-D-glucan.  This enzyme is useful in hydrolyzing oligosaccharides.
Monument to the Soviet War Veterans is a monument located on the Avala mountain near Belgrade, Serbia. It is dedicated to members of the Soviet military delegation who were killed in an airplane crash on the Avala on October 19, 1964. The delegation was flying to Belgrade to attend the celebration of the 20th anniversary of the Liberation of Belgrade on October 20, 1944, since Red Army forces had taken part in the liberation. In the plane crash, Marshal Sergey Semyonovich Biryuzov and general Vladimir Ivanovich Zhdanov were notably killed, among others.
No Plan B, also known as the Roger Daltrey Band, is an English rock band assembled by The Who singer Roger Daltrey to support performances and tours outside The Who. Daltrey's band includes Simon Townshend (brother of Pete Townshend) on guitar and vocals, Frank Simes on lead guitar, Jon Button on bass, Loren Gold on keyboards and Scott Devours on drums. Frank Simes is also musical director for the band.[1] In a 2010 appearance on The Alan Titchmarsh Show, Daltrey called the band No Plan B.[2]
I Want My Money Back is the eighth studio album by American country music artist Sammy Kershaw, released on March 25, 2003. His first album for Audium/Koch Entertainment, it produced two singles on the Billboard country charts: the title track at #33 and "I've Never Been Anywhere" at #58.
The first cabinet of Tunisian Head of Government Ali Laarayedh was presented on 8 March 2013.[1] It was approved on 13 March 2013 by the Constituent Assembly of Tunisia.[2] Laarayedh resigned on 9 January 2014.[3] His successor, Mehdi Jomaa, took office on 29 January 2014.[4]
London College of Music Examinations (LCM Examinations) is an examinations board offering graded and diploma qualifications in music, as well as in drama and communication.[1] The board is a department of the London College of Music (LCM), a school within the University of West London.
SAS Isandlwana (F146) is the second of four Valour-class frigates for the South African Navy built by the European South African Corvette Consortium. SAS Isandlwana was named after the Battle of Isandlwana at a ceremony held in Kiel in December 2002, by Deputy Defence Minister Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge.[1]
Acker comes from German or Old English, meaning "ploughed field"; it is related to or an alternate spelling of the word acre.[1][2] Therefore, Ackermann means "ploughman". Ackerman is also a common Ashkenazi Jewish surname of Yiddish origin with the same meaning. The Ashkenazi surname Ackerman sometimes refers to the town of Akkerman in Bessarabia, south-west of Odessa.[3]
Hegel's Ontology of Power: The Structure of Social Domination in Capitalism is a 2020 book by Arash Abazari in which the author tries to provide an account of Hegel's social and political philosophy focusing on Hegel's Philosophy of Right and its liberal interpretations. 
Javid James (born April 17, 1986) is a former professional American and Canadian football wide receiver who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Montreal Alouettes as a street free agent in 2008. He played college football for the UCF Knights.
Hidradenocarcinoma (also known as malignant hidradenoma, malignant acrospiroma, clear cell eccrine carcinoma, or primary mucoepidermoid cutaneous carcinoma) is a malignant adnexal tumor of the sweat gland. It is the malignant variant of the benign hidradenoma. It may develop de novo or in association with an existent hidradenoma.[1]
This is a list of episodes for Spring Baking Championship. 
The series has been presented by Bobby Deen (seasons 1-2), Ali Khan (seasons 4 and 7), Clinton Kelly (seasons 5-6]], Molly Yeh (Season 8) and Jesse Palmer (Season 3 and 9). With the judges Duff Goldman (seasons 1+), Nancy Fuller (seasons 1+), Lorraine Pascal (Seasons 1-6) and Kardea Brown (Season 7-9).
The Great East (Dutch: Groote Oost) was a governorate (gouvernement) of the Dutch East Indies between 1938 and 1946. It comprised all the islands to the east of Borneo (Celebes, the Moluccas, and West New Guinea, with their offshore islands) and of Java (Bali and the Lesser Sunda Islands). Its capital was Macassar on Celebes.[1]
Nozem was a term during the 1950s and 1960s to describe self-conscient, rebellious youth, often aggressive and considered problematic by authorities in the Netherlands. It was the earliest modern Dutch subculture, related to the Teddy Boy movement in the UK and the greasers in the United States. It was followed by the Provos.
The Film Exchange Building (FEB) is located in Detroit, Michigan, and was designed by C. Howard Crane and built in 1926 for the distribution and booking of movies for the Detroit area. This seven-story building was built near the city's theater district and is located on the northeast corner of the intersection of Cass Avenue and W. Montcalm Street at the edge of the Cass Corridor. It is three blocks west of Comerica Park and less than a block away from the Fisher Freeway (I-75).[2]
Andrew Comiskey is an American conservative Christian political activist and is the founder of Desert Stream Ministries, a former ministry of Exodus International.[1]  He has written several books based on his experience with avoiding homosexual relationships and behaviors, and gives seminars to those who wish to be free from such relationships and behaviors.[2]  He is considered to be a prominent ex-gay leader,[3] and has appeared as a guest on The 700 Club.[4]
The nano-abacus is a nano-sized abacus developed by IBM scientists. Stable rows made up of ten molecules act as the railings of the abacus.  The beads are made up of fullerenes and are pushed around by the tip of a scanning tunneling microscope. The nano-abacus has the potential to be used in a variety of nanotechnological inventions such as the nano-computer.[1]
Kaolin clotting time (KCT) is a sensitive test to detect lupus anticoagulants.[2] There is evidence that suggests it is the most sensitive test for detecting lupus anticoagulants.[3] It can also detect factor VIII inhibitors but is sensitive to unfractionated heparin as well.[4]
Mathew V is the stage name of Matthew van Vooght, a Canadian pop singer from Delta, British Columbia.[1] He is most noted for his 2021 EP The Outer Circle, which was a Juno Award nominee for Adult Contemporary Album of the Year at the Juno Awards of 2022.[2]
In the UEFA qualification for the 2003 FIFA Women's World Cup, the 16 teams belonging to the First Category of European women's football were drawn into four groups, from which the group winners qualify for the World Cup finals. The winner of the Qualifying Playoffs between the Runners-up of each four group will also qualify.
The Craft Sequence is a series of urban fantasy novels by American author Max Gladstone. It currently consists of six novels, beginning with Three Parts Dead (2012). The sequence received critical acclaim. It was nominated for the 2017 Hugo Award for Best Series.
A helmsman or helm (sometimes driver) is a person who steers a ship, sailboat, submarine, other type of maritime vessel, or spacecraft. The rank and seniority of the helmsman may vary: on small vessels such as fishing vessels and yachts, the functions of the helmsman are combined with that of the skipper; on larger vessels, there is a separate officer of the watch who is responsible for the safe navigation of the ship and gives orders to the helmsman, who physically steers the ship in accordance with those orders.
"Arkansas", written by Eva Ware Barnett in 1916, is one of the official state songs of Arkansas. It was first adopted as the state song in the early 20th century but was removed in 1949 due to a copyright dispute.  After the state settled the dispute by buying all claims to its copyright, it was restored as state song in 1963.
Sharntelle Sharon Tamika Cyren McLean (born June 1, 1984)[1] is a 2-time Olympic swimmer from Trinidad and Tobago. She swam for Trinidad and Tobago at the 2004 and 2008 Olympics.[2] Beginning in 2005, she has attended and swam for the United States' University of South Carolina.[3]
The Philadelphia Barrage played their sixth season, as a charter member of the MLL (originally known as the Bridgeport Barrage), during the 2006 season of Major League Lacrosse. The Barrage won their 1st Eastern Conference Championship during the regular season with a 1st place record of 10-2.  The Barrage qualified for the MLL Playoffs for the second time in franchise history.  The Barrage defeated the Cannons 17-12 in the MLL Semifinals at The Home Depot Center on August 25, 2006.  The Barrage won their 2nd MLL Championship by defeating the Outlaws 23-12 in the MLL Championship Game at The Home Depot Center on August 27, 2006.
Edworthy Park is a city park located in the Northwest section of Calgary along the south shore of the Bow River. The Canadian Pacific Railway crosses the length of the park.  It was named after Thomas Edworthy, who immigrated to the Calgary area in 1883 from Devon, England.[1]
Tabriz Islamic Art University also known as Tabriz Art University is a public university located in Tabriz, East Azarbaijan. The university's major focus is on the Islamic art and architecture. The university was established in 1997. Part of the university's faculties separated from Sahand University of Technology.
Mons Tai is a mountain of the surface of the Moon. [1] Its name, given on March 4, 2019, comes from the mountain of Tai Shan, mountain in China's Shandong province just south of Beijing.[2] Its diameter is 24 km. The name was given in connection with the Chang'e 4 mission, the lander of which has landed within this crater.   
The Jefferson Dancers is the performance group of advanced students from the magnet arts dance program at Jefferson High School in Portland, Oregon, United States. The company was founded by Mary Vinton Folberg in the early 1980s. Folberg served as artistic director of the dance company from its founding until the mid-1990s.
Discos Musart is a Mexican record label founded in 1948.[1] It is headquartered in Mexico City and remains one of the country's biggest labels, focusing on Mexican music, as well as international releases licensed from various labels around the world. Over the years it has had several imprints such as Trebol, Oasis and Balboa Records.[1] During the 1950s, Musart distributed albums by Cuban label Panart in Mexico.[2]
weXSTOK is an online portal in India, based out of Mumbai, with a dynamic pricing business model for the B2B Textile marketplaces.[1] The platform facilitates buying and selling of ready and excess goods in the textile industry, via its e-commerce mobile-first interface.[2][3][4]
"Share My Love" is the lead single by American singer, songwriter and producer R. Kelly from his eleventh studio album Write Me Back. The song was written and produced by Kelly himself.[2] It peaked at number one on the Billboard Adult R&B Songs chart, number 13 on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, and number 21 on the Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart. It also reached number 34 in Japan.[3]
The generalized first-price auction (GFP) is a non-truthful auction mechanism for sponsored search (a.k.a. position auctions).[1] In sponsored search n bidders compete for the assignment of k slots. Each slot has an associate click-through rate, the click-through rates are decreasing from top to bottom. The GFP mechanism asks each bidder for a bid. Then the highest bidder gets the first slot, the second-highest, the second slot and so on. On each click the highest bidder pays his bid on the first slot, the second highest bidder pays his bid on the second slot, and so on.
The paralimbic cortex is an area of three-layered cortex that includes the following regions: the piriform cortex, entorhinal cortex, the parahippocampal cortex on the medial surface of the temporal lobe, and the cingulate cortex just above the corpus callosum.[1][2]
Kirstin Matthews is a Fellow in Science and Technology Policy at the James A. Baker III Institute for Public Policy. Matthews received a bachelor's degree in biochemistry from the University of Texas at Austin and a PhD in molecular biology from the University of Texas Health Science Center. Matthews has published multiple policy recommendations pertaining to stem cell research, climate change, and health care.
Macromolecular Chemistry and Physics is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering polymer science. It publishes full papers, talents, trends, and highlights in all areas of polymer science, from chemistry to physical chemistry, physics, and materials science.
Lummi Island lies at the southwest corner of Whatcom County, Washington, United States, between the mainland part of the county and offshore San Juan County. The Lummi Indian Reservation is situated on a peninsula east of the island, but it does not include Lummi Island. The island has a land area of 23.97 square kilometres (9.25 square miles) and had a population of 822 as of the 2000 census. The population nearly doubles in summer when second-home owners from  Canada and the U.S. arrive for the summer months. 
Ernst Kussul (29 May 1938 - 3 March 2023) was a Lithuanian researcher in artificial neural network, particularly for problems of handwriting recognition, mechatronics and the manufacture of microelectromechanical systems. He also published research papers on renewable energy, including for concentrated solar power. At the end of his life, he worked at the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM), in the Microtechnology and Neural Networks group of the Department of Micro and Nanotechnologies of the Institute for Applied Sciences and Technology (ICAT).[1]
Patrice Delaveau (born 27 January 1965 in Rambouillet, France) is a French Olympic show jumping rider.[1][2] He competed at two Summer Olympics (in 1996 and 2000). He finished 4th in team jumping on both occasions. Meanwhile, his current best individual Olympic placement is 35th position from 2000. 
Hudson Falls (formerly Sandy Hill) is a village located in Washington County, New York, United States. The village is in the southwest of the town of Kingsbury, on U.S. Route 4. Hudson Falls is part of the Glens Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area.[2] As of the 2010 census, the village had a population of 7,281.[3] It was the county seat of Washington County until 1994, when the county seat was moved to Fort Edward.[4][5]
This article lists players who have captained the Kilkenny minor hurling team in the Leinster Minor Hurling Championship and the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship. The captain is usually chosen from the club that has won the Kilkenny Minor Hurling Championship.
James Vernon Tyrone (born January 29, 1949) is an American former professional baseball outfielder. He played all or part of four seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1972 to 1977, for the Chicago Cubs and Oakland Athletics. He also played four seasons in Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB) from 1979 to 1982, for the Seibu Lions and Nankai Hawks.
Christians have been present in the military since after the death of Jesus,[1] Marinus of Caesarea, Julius the Veteran, and other military saints were Christians who were soldiers, although other Christians, such as Maximilian of Tebessa, were conscientious objectors, believing that the Bible supported Christian pacifism.
Stettin is a steam icebreaker built by the shipyard Stettiner Oderwerke in 1933. She was ordered by the Chamber of Commerce of Stettin (until 1945 Germany, since 1945 Szczecin, Poland). The economy of the city of Stettin strongly depended on the free access of ships to and from the Baltic Sea. Therefore, icebreakers were used to keep the shipping channels free from ice during the winter.
Close Hall is a former multi-purpose facility on the campus of the University of Iowa in Iowa City, Iowa, United States, that was opened in 1890 and demolished between 1968 and 1970. In 1896, Close Hall hosted the first collegiate five-on-five basketball game.
WMCW (1600 AM) was a radio station licensed to Harvard, Illinois, United States. The station began broadcasting in 1955 and was originally owned by Esther Blodgett. WMCW was the first station in Illinois owned and operated by a woman. The station's call sign stood for "Milk Capital of the World".
The 1999 World's Strongest Man was the 22nd edition of World's Strongest Man and was won by Jouko Ahola from Finland. It was his second title after finishing second the previous year. Janne Virtanen also from Finland finished second, and Svend Karlsen from Norway finished third. The contest was held on Malta.[1]
The Bridal Veil Falls is a waterfall located on Bridal Veil Creek along the Columbia River Gorge in Multnomah County, Oregon, United States. The waterfall is accessible from the historic Columbia River Highway and Interstate 84. Spanning two tiers on basalt cliffs, it is the only waterfall which occurs below the historic Columbia Gorge Scenic Highway. The Bridal Veil Falls Bridge, built in 1914,[1] crosses over the falls, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Florida Constitution, in Article V, Section 2(a), vests the power to adopt rules for the "practice and procedure in all courts" in the Florida Supreme Court.[1] The Florida Supreme Court adopted the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure in March 1954.[2] The proper abbreviation for the rules is Fla.R.Civ.P.[3] The rules may be amended, or new rules added, from time to time and upon the approval of the Florida Supreme Court.
The eldest son of Genghis Khan, (who established the Mongol Empire) Jochi had several sons. When he died, they inherited their father's dominions as fiefs under the rule of their brothers, Batu Khan, as supreme khan and Orda Khan, who, although the elder of the two, agreed that Batu enjoyed primacy as the Khan of the Golden Horde (Jochid Ulus).[citation needed]
Joshua Kirton was an English bookseller and publisher, responsible (sometimes with Thomas Warren) for the dissemination of a number of important works in the seventeenth century, including Francis Godwin's The Man in the Moone.[1] His London business in Paul's Churchyard[2] was destroyed in the 1666 Great Fire of London.[3]
The lesser sciatic foramen is an opening (foramen) between the pelvis and the back of the thigh. The foramen is formed by the sacrotuberous ligament which runs between the sacrum and the ischial tuberosity and the sacrospinous ligament which runs between the sacrum and the ischial spine.
CKY-FM (102.3 MHz) is a Canadian FM radio station broadcasting in Winnipeg, Manitoba.  The station airs a hot adult contemporary format branded as KiSS 102.3. The station is owned by Rogers Sports & Media which also owns sister station CITI-FM. CKY's studios are located in Osborne Village south of Downtown Winnipeg, while its transmitter is located at Duff Roblin Provincial Park near Saint Germain.
DTBook (an acronym for DAISY Digital Talking Book) or DAISY XML is a XML-based document file format.  It is used in EPUB 2.0 e-books and DAISY Digital Talking Book, as well as other places. Unlike other document file formats such as ODF DTBook puts a strong emphasis on structural encoding, but in comparison to other structural file formats such as DocBook and TEI it is fairly simple.
The Debatable Lands, also known as debatable ground, batable ground or threip lands,[1] lay between Scotland and England.[2] It was formerly in question as to which it belonged when they were distinct kingdoms.[3] The name either signifies litigious or disputable ground,[4] or it comes from the Old English word 'battable' (land suitable for fattening livestock).[5]
The Boston Beer Company is an American brewery founded in 1984. Boston Beer Company's first brand of beer was named Samuel Adams after Founding Father Samuel Adams,[4] an American revolutionary patriot. Since its founding, Boston Beer has started several other brands, and in 2019 completed a merger with Dogfish Head Brewery.
Kepler-560b, or more correctly Kepler-560 Bb,[4] is a confirmed exoplanet orbiting the secondary star of the binary star system Kepler-560.[3][5] It is only 287 light-years away.[6] Though not listed in the Habitable Exoplanets Catalog, one study gives the planet an 85% chance of being in the habitable zone.[2]
Mark G. Shrime is an American surgeon, researcher,[1] public speaker, and the author of the book Solving for Why. He serves as the International Chief Medical Officer for Mercy Ships[2] and was the inaugural chair of global surgery at the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland. He is a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons.
In the United States, the National Register of Historic Places classifies its listings by various types of architecture.  Listed properties often are given one or more of 40 standard architectural style classifications that appear in the National Register Information System (NRIS) database.   Other properties are given a custom architectural description with "vernacular" or other qualifiers, and others have no style classification.  Many National Register-listed properties do not fit into the several categories listed here, or they fit into more specialized subcategories.[1]
The 10th Ersatz Division (10. Ersatz-Division) was a unit of the German Army in World War I.[1] The division was formed on the mobilization of the German Army in August 1914.[2] The division was disbanded in 1919 during the demobilization of the German Army after World War I.
The "Vasnani" and "Purswani" family is a branch of the Bhambrai Bradri grouping of families, which is the largest grouping among the Khudabadi Sonara community.[citation needed] In the present day, the majority of them live in Jaipur, India.[citation needed]
The Assayer (Italian: Il Saggiatore) was a book published in Rome by Galileo Galilei in October 1623 and is generally considered to be one of the pioneering works of the scientific method, first broaching the idea that the book of nature is to be read with mathematical tools rather than those of scholastic philosophy, as generally held at the time.
Drop Dead Gorgeous is a 1999 American satirical mockumentary black comedy film about a small town beauty pageant, directed by Michael Patrick Jann, and starring Kirsten Dunst, Ellen Barkin, Brittany Murphy, Allison Janney, Denise Richards, Kirstie Alley, and Amy Adams in her film debut. The satirical dynamics of a Minnesota town unfold as multiple contestants in the regional American Teen Princess Pageant begin to die suspiciously.
Laird John Hamilton (born March 2, 1964) is an American big-wave surfer, co-inventor of tow-in surfing, and an occasional fashion and action-sports model and actor.[1]  He is married to Gabrielle Reece, a professional volleyball player, television personality, and model.
Lorena Arenas Campuzano (born September 17, 1993 in Pereira, Colombia) is a Colombian race walker. She won the silver medal in the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo in the 20 kilometer race walk. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London in the 20 kilometer race walk.
An Even Break is a 1917 American silent comedy-drama film written and directed by Lambert Hillyer, and starring Olive Thomas and Charles Gunn. A print of the film is preserved at the Library of Congress.[1] Prints and/or fragments were found in the Dawson Film Find in 1978.
Oak Hill Cemetery is located on Route 81 in Durham, Greene County, New York. This 5.6-acre cemetery originated as the burial place of early settlers Lucas and Deborah DeWitt on their family farm in the early 1820s, and evolved into a community cemetery for local residents.[1]
A tree ring, also once popularly called a "folly",[1] is a decorative feature of 18th and early 19th century planned landscapes in Britain and Ireland, comprising a circular earthen enclosure (a "tree ring enclosure") planted with trees.[2] While several different species of tree were used, beech and Scots pine were especially popular for their tall, straight growth and landscape value. Tree rings are a development of the naturalistic 18th century style of landscape architecture.[3]
Set packing is a classical NP-complete problem in computational complexity theory and combinatorics, and was one of Karp's 21 NP-complete problems. Suppose one has a finite set S and a list of subsets of S. Then, the set packing problem asks if some k subsets in the list are pairwise disjoint (in other words, no two of them share an element).
Ray White (full name Ray Shirley White Sr) is an American soul vocalist and rock and blues guitarist, best known as a member of Frank Zappa's touring ensembles.[1]  He was drafted into Zappa's band in late 1976, being featured on rhythm guitar and vocals, forming a vocal harmony partnership with Ike Willis on later tours in 1980 and 1984. White's vocals can be heard on Zappa in New York (March 1978), You Are What You Is (September 1981) as well as others. White can also be found on a The Torture Never Stops and Does Humor Belong in Music?; the former is a DVD from Zappa's 1981 tour (without Ike Willis) and the latter filmed at the pier in New York in 1984; the video features White and Ike Willis' vocal harmonies. According to Zappa, White, who was deeply religious, was uncomfortable with the atheistic views of some of the other band members, which led to his departure.
Left in the Dark is the second EP by Finnish rock and metal soprano vocalist Tarja Turunen.[1] The record features different versions from songs included in the chart topping album Colours in the Dark, plus a studio version of "Into the Sun", previously only available as a live track (originally on Act I). There was also a competition with grand prizes for the 5 best artworks.[2]
Columbia Management Group was an investment advisor and sponsor of mutual funds. In 2009, it was acquired by Ameriprise Financial and, in 2015, it was merged into Threadneedle to form Columbia Threadneedle Investments, the asset management subsidiary of Ameriprise.[1]
The 2009 Rabo Ster Zeeuwsche Eilanden was the 12th edition of the Ster Zeeuwsche Eilanden, a women's cycling stage race in the Netherlands. It was part of the 2009 women's road cycling season. It was rated by the UCI as a category 2.2 race and was held between 20 and 22 June 2009.[1]
The Arabism Egypt Party is a political party in Egypt founded by Sami Anan.[3] The party planned to run in the 2015 Egyptian parliamentary election, possibly as part of an electoral alliance.[1] The Supreme Electoral Commission announced on 3 December 2014 that it had declined the establishment of the party and referred the case to the Supreme Administrative Court to determine its status.[4] The Supreme Administrative Court accepted the party's appeal on 28 January 2015 allowing the party to be formed.[5] It didn't win any seats in the House of Representatives in the election.
Appleton is a town in Knox County, Maine, United States. It is about 15 miles inland from Penobscot Bay and coastal towns such as Camden and Rockland, about 30 miles east of the state capital of Augusta, Maine. The population was 1,411 at the 2020 census.[2]
Lebanese nationality law governs the acquisition, transmission and loss of Lebanese citizenship. Lebanese citizenship is the status of being a citizen of Lebanon and it can be obtained by birth or naturalization. Lebanese nationality is transmitted by paternity (father) (see Jus sanguinis). Therefore, a Lebanese man who holds Lebanese citizenship can automatically confer citizenship to his children and foreign wife (only if entered in the Civil Acts Register in the Republic of Lebanon). Under the current law, descendants of Lebanese emigrants can only receive citizenship from their father and women cannot pass on citizenship to their children or foreign spouses.[1]
SUMO enzymatic cascade catalyzes the dynamic posttranslational modification process of sumoylation (i.e. transfer of SUMO protein to other proteins). The Small Ubiquitin-related Modifier, SUMO-1,[1][2] is a ubiquitin-like family member that is conjugated to its substrates through three discrete enzymatic steps (see the figure on the right): activation, involving the E1 enzyme (SAE1/SAE2);[3] conjugation, involving the E2 enzyme (UBE2I);[4][5] substrate modification, through the cooperation of the E2 and E3[6] protein ligases.[7]
Tobias Simon (1929-1982) was a civil rights lawyer, in Miami, Florida, USA, perhaps best known for his work in the 1960s defending the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and other activists.  Simon provided legal counsel regarding marches in Florida and throughout the Deep South.  Simon also was a leader of Florida opposition to the death penalty in the 1960s and 1970s and was particularly concerned about the discriminatory imposition of the death penalty on African-Americans, as well as the Florida case against loyalty oaths, Cramp v. Board of Public Instruction, which was argued before the Supreme Court of the United States in 1961.  Simon offered to represent Clarence Gideon after his case was turned back to the lower court after Gideon v. Wainwright, but was rejected.[1]
The 2007 Samoa National League, or also known as the Upolo First Division, was the 19th edition of the Samoa National League, the top league of the Football Federation Samoa. Cruz Azul (Samoa) won their first title, defeating Strickland Brothers Lepea in the final.[1]
26 Avenue SE is a planned and approved CTrain light rail station in Calgary, Alberta, Canada part of the Green Line. Construction will begin in 2022 and complete in 2027 as part of construction stage one, segment one.[1] The station is located in Alyth/Bonnybrook/Manchester near Barlow Trail.  
Saint Michael the Archangel Church (St. Michael Church) is located on the west side of the city of Monroe, Michigan, along the River Raisin and is a part of the Archdiocese of Detroit. Its congregants include over 1,000 registered families. It was founded in 1852. Its current pastor is Rev. Kishore Battu, who has been serving the St. Michael community since August 1, 2020.
The doctrine of implied repeal is a concept in constitutional theory which states that where an Act of Parliament or an Act of Congress (or of some other legislature) conflicts with an earlier one, the later Act takes precedence and the conflicting parts of the earlier Act become legally inoperable. This doctrine is expressed in the Latin phrase leges posteriores priores contrarias abrogant or "lex posterior derogat priori".
Dupo is a village in St. Clair County, Illinois, United States. The population was 4,138 at the 2010 census, an increase from 3,933 in 2000. The village was settled in about 1750 and was incorporated in 1876.[citation needed] Its name is derived from Common Fields of Prairie du Pont (French: Bridge Prairie).
A cutaway drawing, also called a cutaway diagram is a 3D graphics, drawing, diagram and or illustration, in which surface elements of a three-dimensional model are selectively removed, to make internal features visible, but without sacrificing the outer context entirely.
Hegewald was a short-lived German colony during World War II, situated near Zhytomyr in Reichskommissariat Ukraine. It was repopulated in late 1942 and early 1943 by Volksdeutsche settlers transferred from occupied territories of Poland, Croatia, Bessarabia, and the Soviet Union to an area earmarked for the projected Germanization of the Ukrainian lands. Plans were prepared months in advance by the SS, RKFDV and VoMi, but major problems with supplies occurred right from the region's initial establishment.[1] Himmler's original plans to recruit settlers from Scandinavia and the Netherlands were unsuccessful.[2]
In Touch Ministries is a Christian evangelical organization that produces and distributes media and resources, including radio and television programs, podcasts, articles, and books, with the goal of spreading the message of the Gospel and helping people grow in their faith. The organization was founded by Dr. Charles Stanley, a pastor and author, and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, United States.   
Gunsmoke (officially known as the Air Force Worldwide Gunnery Competition) was a biennial air-to-surface gunnery meet for conventional weapons, hosted by the United States Air Force. It was held beginning in 1949,[1][2] excepting a few years.  It has been succeeded by Hawgsmoke. The competition occurred during odd-numbered years, alternating with the William Tell competition, which occurs during even-numbered years.
Masvingo, originally Victoria, encampases metropolitan Masvingo, in Masvingo Province in southern Zimbabwe. The district boasts of the Great Zimbabwe National Monument among its list of tourist attractions. Lake Kyle is also nearby. The people in the district are mostly rural, communal farmers. Mushandike Co-op. is found in the district, in which the villagers use the water from Tokwe River to irrigate their patches of land. Ngomahuru Hospital which is the second largest Psychiatric hospital in the country (after Ingutsheni) is also located.
"Map of the Seven Knights" is the 10th episode of season 5 of the supernatural drama television series Grimm  and the 98th episode overall, which premiered on February 19, 2016, on the cable network NBC. The episode was written by series co-creator Jim Kouf and was directed by Aaron Lipstadt. In the episode, Monroe's uncle Felix is targeted by Black Claw agents for information about Grimms and he flees to Portland to sell Grimm books to Nick before is too late.
Le Courrier de l'Air was a French-language propaganda newspaper distributed as a leaflet during the First World War. It was printed in London and dropped from hydrogen-filled, free-floating paper balloons on the Western Front over France and Belgium. The newspaper was the product of a division of the British Military Intelligence Service, known as MI7b. The first issue appeared on April 6, 1917.[1] A propaganda magazine of the same name was also used by the British side against Germany during the Second World War.
"Mommy's Little Monster" is the seventh episode of the second season and 29th episode overall from the FOX series Gotham. The episode was written by Robert Hull and directed by Kenneth Fink. It was first broadcast in November 2, 2015 in FOX. In this episode, Penguin and Butch release Penguin's mother, but is killed by Galavans, forcing the Penguin into his vengeful conquest against them. Gordon, Bullock and GCPD are forced to protect Theo Galavan from him, but Gordon learns the truth behind Galavan's machinations.
Military Whistleblower Protection Act of 1988 (MWPA), as amended at title 10, United States Code, Section 1034, and elsewhere, is an American law providing protection of lawful disclosures of illegal activity by members of the United States Armed Forces.[1]
Highland Avenue station is a station along the SEPTA Wilmington/Newark Line and Amtrak's Northeast Corridor, one of two stations in Chester, Pennsylvania, United States.  Amtrak trains do not stop there; it is only served by SEPTA.  The line offers southbound service to Wilmington and Newark, Delaware and northbound service to Philadelphia.  The station is located on Highland Avenue (US 13 Business) and 6th Street in Chester, PA.
The Hand of Franklin[1] is a 2015 Canadian documentary film by Frank Wolf that follows a four-person team attempting to row the Northwest Passage in order to shed light on climate change in the Arctic.[2] The film won the award for 'Best Documentary Feature' at the 2016 Ramunas Atelier International Film Awards,[3] won for 'Best Canadian Film' at the 2015 Vancouver International Mountain Film Festival (VIMFF)[4] and won the 'Adventure Award' at the 2016 San Francisco International Ocean Film Festival.[5] It features music by Peirson Ross, The Cyrillic Typewriter, Sylvia Cloutier and Madeleine Allakariallak and airs in Canada on CBC's documentary channel.[6]
Intellivision World Series Major League Baseball is a baseball video game (1983) designed by Don Daglow and Eddie Dombrower, and published by Mattel for the Intellivision Entertainment Computer System. IWSB was one of the first sports video games to use multiple camera angles and present a three-dimensional (as opposed to two-dimensional) perspective. It was also the first statistics-based baseball simulation game on a video game console; all prior console baseball games were arcade-style recreations of the sport.
Two Item Limit (foaled in February 1998 in Illinois) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. The granddaughter of Forty Niner is best remembered for posting a 3-length score in the mile and an eighth Grade II $250,000 Black-Eyed Susan Stakes at Pimlico Race Course on May 18, 2001.[1]
Entitlement commodities are food commodities purchased by the USDA for the purpose of meeting legislatively specified rates of commodity assistance for various food assistance programs (e.g., school lunches). These commodities may be in government holdings as a result of agricultural surplus removal or price support activities carried out under a variety of agriculture laws, but more commonly they are items purchased to meet food program needs. 
Silver City is an unincorporated community in Pennington County, South Dakota, United States, outside Rapid City. It lies at the head of Pactola Lake on Rapid Creek, and is about 5 miles west of U.S. Route 385 via a paved county road.[1] It is not tracked by the U.S. Census Bureau.
The Hutchinson and Southern Railway was incorporated under the general laws of the State of Kansas on December 21, 1897.[1]  On January 21, 1898 it acquired at foreclosure the assets of the Hutchinson and Southern Railroad Company, which had built 90.7 miles of trackage from Hutchinson, Kansas south through Kingman, Kansas and Anthony, Kansas to terminate at Wakita, Oklahoma.[1][2][3]  In the 1898-1899 timeframe, it also acquired all the assets of the Gulf Railroad Company, which had built 36.7 miles of track from Wakita to Blackwell, Oklahoma.[1]
Videogame Nation was a UK exhibition looking at the history of British videogames.[1] It showed how videogames have progressed over more than 30 years. Visitors were able to play a wide selection of games including Jet Set Willy, Sensible Soccer, Tomb Raider and Grand Theft Auto. The exhibition highlighted the key people and companies which have contributed to British gaming since its inception.
"Save the Children" is a 1971 song written by Al Cleveland, Renaldo Benson and Marvin Gaye and issued on Marvin's 1971 album, What's Going On. While not issued as a single in the United States, the song was issued as a single by the Tamla-Motown label in the United Kingdom where it peaked at No. 41 on the charts in December 1971, whereas the other major US single releases initially failed to chart in Europe.[1]
Susanna Bordone (born 9 September 1981 in Milan, Italy) is an Italian Olympic eventing and dressage rider.[1][2] She competed at three Summer Olympics (in 2004, 2008 and 2020). Her best Olympic results came in 2008 when she placed 5th in the team eventing. Her top individual Olympic result is 18th place from Tokyo 2020.
Jimma is a zone in Oromia Region of Ethiopia. Jimma is named after former Kingdom of Jimma, which was absorbed into the former province of Kaffa in 1932. Jimma is bordered on the south by the Southern Nations, Nationalities and Peoples Region, the northwest by Illubabor Zone, on the north by East Welega Zone and on the northeast by West Shewa Zone; part of the boundary with West Shewa Zone is defined by the Gibe River. The highest point in this zone is Mount Maigudo (2,386 m). Towns and cities in Jimma include Agaro, Limmu Inariya and Saqqa. The town of Jimma was separated from Jimma Zone and is a special zone now.[citation needed]
The Shinya Hashimoto Memorial Tournament is an annual professional wrestling memorial event produced by Steve Corino's Pro Wrestling WORLD-1 (WORLD-1) promotion, typically between July and September. It is held in honor of Japanese wrestler Shinya Hashimoto, one of the most popular stars in Japan during the 1990s, who died of a brain aneurysm in Tokyo, Japan on July 11, 2005. It is the second Hashimoto memorial show following HUSTLE's Shinya Hashimoto Memorial Six Man Tag Team Tournament in 2006. Officially sanctioned by Pro Wrestling Zero1, is the first and only Hashimoto memorial event ever held outside Japan.
The 1973 Lehigh Engineers football team was an American football team that represented Lehigh University as an independent during the 1973 NCAA Division II football season. Lehigh lost in the quarterfinal round of the national playoffs, and won the Lambert Cup.
The Double Diamond Dude Ranch Dining Hall was built in 1945 as the centerpiece of a dude ranch operated by Frank Williams and Joseph S. Clark, Jr. in Grand Teton National Park.  The ranch was opened in 1924 with a dozen tent cabins and log buildings for a kitchen and dining hall, lounge and commissary.  In 1943 Williams built log tourist cabins, followed by the larger dining hall in 1945. The 1985 Taggart Lake Fire destroyed much of the ranch, sparing only the dining hall and five cabins.  The dining hall is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as an example of rustic architecture.[2]  Since 1970 the Double Diamond property has been a hostel for mountain climbers in the Teton Range, and is known as the Climbers' Ranch.
A Dickens fair, Dickens Christmas fair, or Dickens  festival is a weekend or multi-weekend gathering, usually held in the United States, open to the public and typically commercial in nature, which attempts to recreate a Victorian English setting reminiscent of the novels of Charles Dickens. The British equivalent, known as a Dickensian evening, is distinct from its American counterpart because it is organised by local businesses and the town council to raise money for charity. Events may be outdoor, indoor or a combination of the two. The great majority are Christmas-themed, a reflection of the enduring legacy of Dickens' 1843 novella A Christmas Carol.[1] The fairs generally include an abundance of costumed entertainers and fair-goers, musical and theatrical acts, and art, handicrafts, food and drink for sale.
MellowHypeWeek (stylized as MELLOWHYPEWEEK) is the third mixtape by Odd Future sub-group MellowHype. It was released to hold fan over until they released their second and final studio album, Numbers. A track was released everyday starting September 11 up to September 18, 2012. It contains features from Juicy J and Domo Genesis.
23S rRNA (guanine2069-N7)-methyltransferase (EC 2.1.1.264, rlmK (gene), 23S rRNA m7G2069 methyltransferase) is an enzyme with systematic name S-adenosyl-L-methionine:23S rRNA (guanine2069-N7)-methyltransferase.[1] This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
FutureWave Software, Inc[1] was a software development company based in San Diego, California. The company was co-founded by Charlie Jackson and Jonathan Gay on January 22, 1993.[1][2] VP of Marketing was Michelle Welsh who also came from Silicon Beach Software, then Aldus Corporation.[3][4][5][6]
The Irish Independent Albums Chart (also known as Independent Artist Albums or Top 20 Indie Albums) is a chart of best-selling independent album releases in Ireland. It is issued weekly by the Irish Recorded Music Association (IRMA) and complied on its behalf by GfK's Chart-Track.
The International Fuel Tax Agreement (or IFTA) is an agreement between the lower 48 states of the United States and the Canadian provinces, to simplify the reporting of fuel use by motor carriers that operate in more than one jurisdiction.[1] Alaska, Hawaii, and the Canadian territories are not required to participate, however all of Canada and Alaska do.  An operating carrier with IFTA receives an IFTA license and two decals for each qualifying vehicle it operates. The carrier files a quarterly fuel tax report.  This report is used to determine the net tax or refund due and to redistribute taxes from collecting states to states that it is due.
The COSAFA Women's Championship is an association football tournament for teams from Southern Africa organized by Council of Southern Africa Football Associations (COSAFA). South Africa have won the most titles with seven wins. Zimbabwe won the 2011 edition. The next edition will take place in South Africa in September  2022.[1]
ISO 3166-2:GE is the entry for Georgia in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.
The Kindergarten Stakes, is an Australian Turf Club Group 3 Australian Thoroughbred horse race for horses aged two years old, at set weights, over a distance of 1100 metres at Randwick Racecourse, Sydney, Australia in the autumn during the ATC Championships series.[1]
The Broad Street School is a historic former school building at 100 Broad Street in Norwich, Connecticut.  The school was designed by New York City architect Wilson Potter and built in 1897.  It is a well-executed and well-preserved example of Romanesque styling, and was the largest school built as part of a major construction program by the city.[2]  The schoolhouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 19, 1984.[1]  It has been converted to residential use.
The Pasargadae were an Iranian tribe from Persis (Parsa in Old Persian) or Persia Proper, in modern southwestern Iran (this ancient country roughly matches with the modern Iranian provinces of Fars or Pars, Bushehr and western Hormozgan). This tribe was one of the three main and leading Persian tribes (the Persians were and are one of the Iranian peoples) alongside the Maraphii and the Maspii. From the Pasargadae came the Achaemenid royal family.[1] The first capital of the Persian Achaemenid Empire, Pasargadae, was in the land of this tribe and took its name from them.[1]
This is a summary of 1979 in music in the United Kingdom, including the official charts from that year. 1979 saw the beginning of several trends in British music. Electropop reached number one in both the singles and albums charts in the form of Gary Numan and Tubeway Army, and synthesiser bands began to gather momentum which would come to dominate music in the early 1980s. The first rap hit in the UK came from the Sugar Hill Gang. The 2 Tone movement also emerged, with early work from bands such as The Specials and Madness. Disco music was still the most popular music of the year, although it showed signs of dying out in the year's later months. 1979 remains the year when physical-format singles hit their sales peak in the UK.
Arashi Around Asia 2008 in Tokyo is a DVD release of Japanese boy band Arashi. It was released on March 25, 2009 by their record label J Storm. Arashi Around Asia 2008 in Tokyo documented the second day (September 6, 2008) of Arashi's first concert at the National Stadium in Tokyo.[1]
The Spacecraft Fabrication Facility is a unit at the Goddard Space Flight Center where technicians and engineers manufacture components used for spacecraft assembly. This includes the tools which the astronauts use in space as well as the spacecraft themselves.
Oliver Seack (born 28 July 1962) is a West German sprint canoer who competed in the early to mid-1980s. He won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver (K-1 500 m: 1985) and three bronzes (K-2 500 m: 1982, K-4 1000 m: 1981, 1982).
Shiloh Presbyterian Church Cemetery is a historic Presbyterian cemetery located near Grover, in Cleveland County, North Carolina and Cherokee County, South Carolina. It was established in 1780 in conjunction with the construction of the Shiloh Meeting House. Revolutionary War hero William Patterson, who died on October 5, 1780, the day of the Battle of Kings Mountain, and was the first person interred at the cemetery. The cemetery is the oldest burying ground in the southeast section of Cleveland County, North Carolina.  It includes a number of notable gravestones carved from greenish schist and soapstone dating from 1780s to the 1820s. The cemetery includes 104 gravestones in the North Carolina section of the property, and four gravestones in the South Carolina section.[2][3]
A rent strike is a method of protest commonly employed against large landlords. In a rent strike, a group of tenants come together and agree to refuse to pay their rent en masse until a specific list of demands is met by the landlord. This can be a useful tactic of final resort for use against intransigent landlords, but carries the obvious risk of eviction and bad credit history in some cases.
Bedtime (also called putting to bed or tucking in) is a ritual part of parenting to help children feel more secure[1] and become accustomed to a more rigid schedule of sleep than they might prefer. The ritual of bedtime is aimed at facilitating the transition from wakefulness to sleep.[2] It may involve bedtime stories, children's songs, nursery rhymes, bed-making and getting children to change into nightwear. In some religious households, prayers are said shortly before going to bed.[3] Sleep training may be part of the bedtime ritual for babies and toddlers.[4]
Samar Safi-Harb is a professor in the Department of Physics and Astronomy at the University of Manitoba and a Canada Research Chair in Supernova Remnant Astrophysics and Extreme Astrophysics.[1][2][3] 
She was the Vice President of the Canadian Astronomical Society from 2020-2021.[4]
The 109th United States Congress began on January 3, 2005. There were nine new senators (two Democrats, seven Republicans) and 40 new representatives (16 Democrats, 24 Republicans) at the start of its first session. Additionally, one senator (a Democrat) and six representatives (two Democrats, four Republicans) took office on various dates in order to fill vacancies during the 109th Congress before it ended on January 3, 2007.
Gladiatrix (Robin Braxton) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, first introduced in 1986. She was created by Mike Carlin and Ron Wilson as a super strong professional wrestler and supervillain as part of the Grapplers. She later appeared in Captain America and featured in Civil War siding with the anti-registration faction.
Columbus Stockade Blues is a 1970 album by country singer Willie Nelson. It is an abridged reissue of Nelson's 1966 album, Country Favorites-Willie Nelson Style without the songs "Making Believe", "Home In San Antone", and "My Window Faces The South".
The 1927 Chicago aldermanic election happened on February 22 to elect the 50 aldermen of the Chicago City Council, on the same day as the primary elections for the mayoral election. Candidates ran as nonpartisans, and if no candidate received a majority of votes in a given ward the top two candidates in that ward faced off in a runoff election on April 5, the same day as the general mayoral election.
Carlton House is a historic Spanish Colonial Revival house located in Pine Valley of the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colorado.[1] It has been used as a residence for Mrs. Albert E. Carlton, a country club called the Pine Valley Club and, among other Academy functions, a residence for the United States Air Force Academy Superintendent.
Evan J. Vickers[1] is an American politician and a Republican member of the Utah State Senate representing District 28 since January 1, 2013.[2] Vickers previously served in the Utah State Legislature from January 1, 2009 until December 31, 2012 in the Utah House of Representatives District 72 seat.
Mon Nickelodeon Junior (My Nickelodeon Junior) is a French edutainment TV channel which is customizable by parents and has no advertisements. The channel adapts to the preferences to each child[further explanation needed] and is exclusive to Canal+ subscribers only via SFR Evolution, Orange and Free.
Since the advent of Ten-pin bowling, there have been many bowlers who have achieved fame for their excellence in the sport.  These bowlers have led to changes in game mechanics, new high scores, and increased interest in the game. The vast majority of these bowlers are professionals who have competed in national and international tournaments. 
The following is a list of stadiums in Bangkok, Thailand. They are ordered by their seating capacity, that is the maximum number of spectators that the stadium can accommodate in seated areas. The list includes stadiums in the Bangkok Metropolitan Region including the provinces of Nakhon Pathom, Pathum Thani, Nonthaburi, Samut Prakan, and Samut Sakhon.
The Chronica or Cronaca Gallica of 511, also called the Gallic Chronicle of 511, is a chronicle of late antiquity preserved today in a single manuscript of the thirteenth century now in Madrid. It resembles in all its traits another late antique Gallic chronicle, the Chronica Gallica of 452, of which it may be a continuation. 
A Flogo (portmanteau of floating and logo) or foam balloon, is a stable mass of lighter-than-air soap bubbles formed into a specific shape. They are not balloons, as they have no envelope, but consist merely of a condensed grouping of soap bubbles filled with a mixture of helium and air. They are shaped by being molded through a die inserted in the top of the generating machine.
"This Old Skin" is a song by The Beautiful South which appeared on their 2004 covers album,  Golddiggas, Headnodders and Pholk Songs, and was the second single released from the album.[1]   It was purportedly written by Bobby Cristiansand and Barry Klein of the band The Heppelbaums, supposedly appearing on their album Hunt For The White Nightingale.[2]  In fact, it was written by Paul Heaton and Dave Rotheray of the Beautiful South.  When performed live, the song was accompanied by a pastiche of a 1970s music documentary, with The Beautiful South appearing as The Heppelbaums.
Bassmaster Classic XXXIII was held on August 1-3, 2003, in the Louisiana Delta surrounding New Orleans, Louisiana. Michael Iaconelli of Woodbury Heights, New Jersey, won the event with a three-day total weight of 37 pounds, 14 ounces. He won $200,000 in prize money. The total weight for the classic was 1,009 pounds, 5 ounces and the  weigh-in was held in the New Orleans Arena.[1]
Lake Frances is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Runoff from the Dixon Glacier empties into the south side of the lake while runoff from Thunderbird Glacier flows into Thunderbird Creek and into the east shore of the lake.[2]
Kunst- und Ausstellungshalle der Bundesrepublik Deutschland (Art and Exhibition Hall of the Federal Republic of Germany) is one of the most visited museums in Germany. Known as the Bundeskunsthalle for short, it is part of the so-called "Museum Mile" in Bonn. 
It holds exhibitions relating to art and cultural history from around the world. The museum is backed by the Federal Government and the States of Germany. The museum's director is Eva Kraus, a position she has held since 1 August 2020.  Construction of the museum started in 1989 and was completed in 1992.  The museum is located next to the Bonn Museum of Modern Art.
The Superstar Chef Challenge is a reality/competition special produced for the Food Network Canada. Filmed at the Compass Group Canada Culinary Arts Demonstration Theatre and Kitchen Laboratory in Humber College's North Campus, it served as a pilot for a potential series.
Sursum Corda was an Italian student movement organized with irredentist purposes before 1914. It may be considered one of the precursors of fascist organizations in Italy and seems to have its origins in the Italian youth organisations from the first years of the 20th century such as the battaglioni studenteschi founded in 1906 (or so) in Milan.[1] The model were the German Burschenschaften.
This is a list of terms and symbols used in scientific names for organisms, and in describing the names.  For proper parts of the names themselves, see List of Latin and Greek words commonly used in systematic names. Note that many of the abbreviations are used with or without a stop.
Colantonio is a general contractor headquartered in Holliston, Massachusetts. The firm offers preconstruction, general contracting, and construction management services with specialization in academic, affordable housing, municipal, and historical restoration markets.[1]
5-Nitroimidazole is an organic compound with the formula O2NC3H2N2H.  The nitro group at position 5 on the imidazole ring is the most common positional isomer.  The term nitroimidazole also refers to a class of antibiotics that share similar chemical structures.[2]
Easy Does It is the second studio album by American country music singer Jake Owen. It was released on February 24, 2009, by RCA Records Nashville. It includes the Top 10 hits "Don't Think I Can't Love You" and "Eight Second Ride." As with his first album, Easy Does It is produced by Jimmy Ritchey, with whom Owen co-wrote several of the songs. It has sold 120,000 copies as of November 2009.
The Douglas Hickox Award, also named The Douglas Hickox Award (Best Debut Director) is an annual award given by the British Independent Film Awards (BIFA) to recognize the best British debut director. The name of the awards is in honour of British film and television director Douglas Hickox for his commitment and support for new talent. The award was first presented in the 1998 ceremony.
The 2022 Miami Open was a professional hardcourt tennis tournament played from March 22 to April 3, 2022 on the grounds of Hard Rock Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida. It was the 37th edition of the men's and women's event and was classified as an ATP Masters 1000 event on the 2022 ATP Tour and a WTA 1000 event on the 2022 WTA Tour.[1][2]
The Central Europe Rally is a European rally competition scheduled to be debut in 2023 as part of the World Rally Championship, co-hosted between Germany, Austria and Czech Republic.[1] The rally would be based out of southeast Germany, in the city of Passau in Bavaria, and is set to run on tarmac.[2]
Armi Dallera Custom (ADC) is a firearms manufacturer and custom builder based in Concesio, Italy. Roberto Dallera started his professional career as a gunsmith in 1987, and when he founded ADC in 1990 he became the first European custom pistol manufacturer.[1] For long the company focused on custom firearms and professional gunsmithing, but in the later years ADC has also started producing their own parts and complete firearms.[2]
Beverly Pakii is a pilot from Papua New Guinea (PNG). She was the first Papua New Guinean woman to be captain of both a passenger turboprop aircraft and a passenger jet aircraft and was the captain of the first all-woman crew to fly on a commercial flight in PNG. 
A dibber or dibble or dibbler is a pointed wooden stick for making holes in the ground so that seeds, seedlings or small bulbs can be planted.  Dibbers come in a variety of designs including the straight dibber, T-handled dibber, trowel dibber, and L-shaped dibber.
Verbs in the Finnish language can be divided into six main groups depending on the stem type, both for formal analysis and for teaching the language to non-native speakers.  All six types have the same set of personal endings, but the stems assume different suffixes and undergo (slightly) different changes when inflected.
The Liard River First Nation, also known as the Liard First Nation (pronounced "lee-ahrd") is a First Nation in the southeastern Yukon in Canada. Its main centres are Upper Liard and Watson Lake along the Alaska Highway. The language originally spoken by the people of this First Nation was Kaska and the First Nation is a member of the Kaska Tribal Council which is pursuing land claims in the Yukon and northern British Columbia. Their Indian and Northern Affairs Canada band number is 502.[1]
Weathering steel, often referred to by the genericised trademark COR-TEN steel and sometimes written without the hyphen as corten steel, is a group of steel alloys which were developed to eliminate the need for painting, and form a stable rust-like appearance after several years' exposure to weather.
Royal Upstairs Downstairs is a British television documentary series of 20 half-hour episodes broadcast by BBC Two each Monday to Friday evening from 7 March to 1 April 2011. The title is a reference to the drama series Upstairs, Downstairs, which was about life "above stairs" (the family), and "below stairs" (the servants) in an early 20th-century aristocratic household.
The First Reformed Dutch Church of Bergen Neck, now known as The First Federated Church of Bayonne is located in Bayonne, Hudson County, New Jersey, United States. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 22, 1982.[3]
The Calgary Distinguished Writers Program at the University of Calgary is an educational program intended to advance the careers of Canadian writers. The program features two annual residency programs: one for an emerging Canadian writers, and one for a distinguished writer of international stature[citation needed].
Charles Chatman (born 1961) served 26 years in prison due to a wrongful conviction. He had been convicted in 1981 at the age of 20 of aggravated rape and sentenced to life in prison. He was released on 3 January 2008. Chatman became the 15th inmate from Dallas County since 2001 to be exonerated by DNA testing.[1] He stated that race was a factor in his conviction. "I was convicted because a black man committed a crime against a white woman."[2] Chatman was represented by Michelle Moore and Jeff Blackburn, attorneys for the Innocence Project of Texas.
Grant Stauffer (1888-1949) was an American coal and railroad executive. He served as the president of the Sinclair Coal Company at one time, and headed the Kansas City, Missouri Chamber of Commerce.[1]  He also served as the president of the Chicago Great Western Railway for five months between 1948 and his death from cancer in 1949.[2]
Amerex Corporation is a large American manufacturer of firefighting products. Based in Trussville, Alabama, Amerex makes hand-portable and wheeled fire extinguishers for commercial and industrial environments, as well as fire and explosion suppression vehicle systems for military use.[1][2] Other products include fire suppression systems for restaurants, gas detection systems, and fire detection devices. McWane, Inc. acquired Amerex in 1999.
Cultural identity refers to a person's sense of belonging to a particular culture or group.  This process involves learning about and accepting traditions, heritage, language, religion, ancestry, aesthetics, thinking patterns, and social structures of a culture.  Normally, people internalize the beliefs, values, norms, and social practices of their culture and identify themselves with that culture.  The culture becomes a part of their self-concept.[1]  However, some studies have noted that existing cultural identity theory may not account for the fact that different individuals and groups may not react to or interpret events, happenings, attitudes, etc. in the same ways as other individuals or groups.
The Busemann biplane is a theoretical aircraft configuration invented by Adolf Busemann, which avoids the formation of N-type shock waves and thus does not create a sonic boom or the associated wave drag. However in its original form it does not generate lift either. A Busemann biplane concept, which provides adequate lift, and which can reduce the wave intensity and drag but not eliminate them, has been studied for a "boomless" supersonic transport.
The 2nd Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is represented by Democratic Representative Robert E. Merski.  The seat was represented by Democratic Representative Florindo J. Fabrizio until his death on July 24, 2018. The seat was vacant pending a special election.[1]
Blue Water Dokken is a multi-purpose indoor arena in Esbjerg, Denmark. Its best known tenant is the women's handball club Team Esbjerg, one of the top teams of the Danish championship, that also regularly plays in Europe, having reached the EHF Cup final in 2014. Beside handball it also hosts other indoor sports as well as concerts, shows and others.[2]
Darnell Robert Stapleton (born September 21, 1985) is an offensive line assistant coach for the Florida Gators football team.[1] A former American football offensive lineman, Stapleton was the starting right guard on the Super Bowl XLIII champion Pittsburgh Steelers as they beat the Arizona Cardinals. He played college football at Rutgers.
Middle Burmese was a form of the Burmese language spoken from the 16th century to the 18th century. Its beginning roughly corresponds with the rise of the Taungoo Dynasty and its transition to Modern Burmese with the beginning of the Konbaung Dynasty. Its transition to Modern Burmese occurred in the 18th century.[1] Middle Burmese is characterized by stabilization of Burmese orthography and steady evolution of the Burmese phonology, which accelerated during the transition from Middle Burmese to Modern Burmese.[2]
"Things Have Changed" is a song from the film Wonder Boys, written and performed by Bob Dylan[1] and released as a single on May 1, 2000, that won both the Academy Award for Best Original Song[2] and the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song.[3] It was also anthologized on the compilation albums The Essential Bob Dylan in 2000,[4] The Best of Bob Dylan in 2005[5] and Dylan in 2007.[6]
Environmental communication is "the dissemination of information and the implementation of communication practices that are related to the environment. In the beginning, environmental communication was a narrow area of communication; however, nowadays, it is a broad field that includes research and practices regarding how different actors (e.g., institutions, states, people) interact with regard to topics related to the environment and how cultural products influence society toward environmental issues".[1]
The 1975 Pro Bowl was the NFL's 25th annual all-star game which featured the outstanding performers from the 1974 season. The game was played on Monday, January 20, 1975, at the Orange Bowl in Miami, Florida. The final score was NFC 17, AFC 10. James Harris of the Los Angeles Rams was named the game's Most Valuable Player.[1]
Jenkins Arboretum & Gardens (48 acres) is a nonprofit botanical garden located at 631 Berwyn Baptist Road, Devon, Pennsylvania. The grounds are open to the public daily with free admission. Hours change seasonally and are listed on the Arboretum's website.
Here We Are Again is the fourth album by the psychedelic rock band Country Joe and the Fish. It was released in 1969 with the US catalog number Vanguard VSD 79299.[3] It peaked on the Billboard 200 at number 48, and stayed on the charts for eleven weeks.[4] Only Country Joe McDonald and Melton remained from the original lineup that began breaking up since the previous album. The past members would appear as guest musicians however.
This is a list of stock market crashes and bear markets. The difference between the two relies on speed (how fast declines occur) and length (how long they last). Stock market crashes are quick and brief, while bear markets are slow and prolonged. Those two don't always happen within the same decline.
Sure Love is the third studio album American country music artist Hal Ketchum. It was released in 1992 (see 1992 in country music) on Curb Records. The album produced four chart singles on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. In order of release, these were the title track, "Hearts Are Gonna Roll", "Mama Knows the Highway", and "Someplace Far Away" (which was re-titled "Someplace Far Away (Careful What You're Dreaming)" upon release to radio). Respectively, these reached #3, #2, #8, and #24 on the country charts.
The Lyman C. Josephs House, also known as Louisiana, is a historic home at 438 Wolcott Avenue in Middletown, Rhode Island.  Architect Clarence Luce designed the house, which was built in 1882, and is a well-preserved early example of the Shingle style.  The house received architectural notice not long after its construction, but is more noted for its relatively modest size and lack of ostentation than the summer houses of nearby Newport.  It was built for the Josephs family of Baltimore, Maryland.[2]
Moomal Rano previously titled Mohabbat Ki Aakhri Kahani[1] is a Pakistani short film directed by Siraj-ul-Haque. It has Ahsan Khan and Saba Qamar as lead roles and is written by Zafar Meraj.[2][3] The short film is being produced by Zee TV Production as part of the Zeal For Unity festival.[4][5]
The Wragg Fire was a wildland fire that started just off California State Route 128 near Lake Berryessa in Napa County, California in the United States. The fire started on July 22, 2015.[1] The cause was an idling vehicle's car exhaust. The vehicle came into contact with dry grass and sparked the fire.[2] Mandatory evacuations for 136 homes and 200 residents took place. Six roads were closed temporarily as a result.[1]
This is a list of the first minority male lawyer(s) and judge(s) in Ohio. It includes the year in which the men were admitted to practice law (in parentheses). Also included are men who achieved other distinctions such becoming the first in their state to graduate from law school or become a political figure.
The Great Lakes Valley Conference (GLVC) women's basketball tournament is the annual conference women's basketball championship tournament for the Great Lakes Valley Conference. The tournament has been held since 1998, twenty years after the conference was founded in 1978. It is a single-elimination tournament and seeding is based on regular season records.[1]
A clonewheel organ is an electronic musical instrument that emulates (or "clones") the sound of the electromechanical tonewheel-based organs formerly manufactured by Hammond from the 1930s to the 1970s. Clonewheel organs generate sounds using solid-state circuitry or computer chips, rather than with heavy mechanical tonewheels, making clonewheel organs much lighter-weight and smaller than vintage Hammonds, and easier to transport to live performances and recording sessions.
Ao Prof. Dr. Bernhard Lendl is an Austrian chemist, TU Vienna, Institute of Chemical Technologies and Analytics,[1] the head of the working group on Process Analysis & Vibrational Spectroscopy.[2]  Since 2001 he is professor of analytical chemistry, TU Vienna.[3]
The Limestone Coast Rugby League is a rugby league competition held in the Wimmera and South West regions of Victoria and Eastern South Australia. The competition is co-administered by NRL South Australia and NRL Victoria, and features five clubs (three from Victoria and two from South Australia).[1]
North Dayi District (a.k.a. Dayi Dzigbe) is one of the eighteen districts in Volta Region, Ghana.[2] Originally it was formerly part of the then-larger Kpando District on 10 March 1989, until the southern part of the district was split off to create North Dayi District on 28 June 2012; thus the remaining part was elevated to municipal district assembly status to become Kpando Municipal District[3] on the same year. The district assembly is located in the western part of Volta Region and has Anfoega as its capital town.
Lower Peirce Reservoir Park is a park located along Old Upper Thomson Road in Singapore and overlooks Lower Peirce Reservoir, Singapore's second oldest reservoir. A mature secondary rainforest lines the bank with numerous rubber trees and oil palms. A 900-metre boardwalk constructed in Nov 1998 provides an outdoor classroom for nature study and recreation in a natural forest environment. Interpretative boards on the flora and fauna in the forest serves as a guide together with bum rest, scenic view and picnic points along the route.
The boardwalk was specially routed and built on existing trails to elevate the compaction and soil erosion caused by the overuse of these trails in the forest to ensure the protection floral and fauna on the forest floor.[1]
Landon Khale Tewers (born September 27, 1989) is an American musician and producer. He is a former band member of Before Their Eyes, where he was the rhythm guitarist and unclean vocalist.[1] He is best known for being founder and the lead vocalist in the rock band The Plot in You and for his self-titled solo project.[2]
Ancient Egyptian architecture is best known for its monumental temples and tombs built in stone, including its famous pyramids, such as the pyramids of Giza. These were built with a distinctive repertoire of elements including pylon gateways, hypostyle halls, obelisks, and hieroglyphic decoration. The advent of Greek Ptolemaic rule, followed by Roman rule, introduced elements of Greco-Roman architecture into Egypt, especially in the capital city of Alexandria. After this came Coptic architecture, including early Christian architecture, which continued to follow ancient classical and Byzantine influences.
Barbara Kaltenbacher is an Austrian mathematician whose research concerns inverse problems, regularization, and PDE-constrained optimization, with applications including the mathematical modeling of piezoelectricity and nonlinear acoustics.[1] She is a Professor of Applied Analysis at the University of Klagenfurt,[2] 
a member of the Executive Committee of the European Mathematical Society [3]
and (together with Anton Alexeev) editor in chief of the Journal of the European Mathematical Society.[4].
Barbara Kaltenbacher has published more than 130 scientific papers and is (co-)author of four monographs.
Quirino Ordaz Coppel (born October 24, 1962) is a Mexican lawyer and politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). He served as the Governor of the state of Sinaloa from 2017 to 2021. He previously served as a federal deputy for the VIII Federal Electoral District of Sinaloa from August 29, 2015, to March 1, 2016.[1]
Omniva is an international post and logistics company based in Tallinn, Estonia, that targets the Baltic states.[1][2] The name Omniva was adopted in June 2014; the company was previously called AS Eesti Post, whose history can be traced back to the beginning of postal services on Estonian territory (at that time part of the Swedish Empire) in 1638.
A bed burial is a type of burial in which the deceased person is buried in the ground, lying upon a bed.  It is a burial custom that is particularly associated with high-status women during the early Anglo-Saxon period (7th century), although excavated examples of bed burials are comparatively rare.
The Groninger Studenten Corps Vindicat atque Polit (Latin for Uphold and Refine (lit. (The sword) avenges and (the file) scrapes)) is the oldest Dutch student association and was founded on February 4, 1815, as a reaction to attacks on students from local citizens. The first rector of the senate was B.J. Winter. With nearly 2500 members Vindicat is the second largest student organization in Groningen, a city in the north of The Netherlands.
Michael Chorost (born December 26, 1964) is an American book author, essayist, and public speaker. Born with severe loss of hearing due to rubella, his hearing was partially restored with a cochlear implant in 2001 and he had his other ear implanted in 2007.
The 2022 IIHF World U18 Championship was the 23rd such event hosted by the International Ice Hockey Federation. Teams will participate at several levels of competition. The competition also served as qualifications for the 2023 competition. On 28 February the IIHF "suspended all Russian and Belarusian National Teams and Clubs from participation in every age category and in all IIHF competitions or events until further notice", which resulted in a reformating of the tournament.[1] Due to the suspensions there are two open spots in the top division, two teams can be promoted for 2023 and no team will be relegated.[2] Additionally, all eight teams will qualify for the QF round and will be reseeded according to their tournament ranking.[2]
Gateway to Asia is a 10-minute 1945 Canadian documentary film, directed and produced by Tom Daly for the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) as part of the wartime Canada Carries On series.[1] The film documents the importance of British Columbia during the Second World War as a "gateway" to Asia and the Pacific. The French version of Gateway to Asia is Au seuil du Pacifique.Radio Sargam is a nationwide commercial Hindi FM radio station in Fiji. It is owned by the Communications Fiji Limited (CFL), the company which owns FM96-Fiji, Viti FM, Legend FM and Radio Navtarang. Radio Sargam is broadcasting on three frequencies: 103.4 FM in Suva, Navua, Nausori, Labasa, Nadi and Lautoka; 103.2 FM in Savusavu, Coral Coast, Ba and Tavua; and on 103.8 FM in Rakiraki.[1] Sargam can be accessed online for free.[2]
Gia sena kai gia mena (For you and for me) is a compilation album of songs written by Phoebus (music & lyrics) and Eleni Giannatsoulia (some lyrics) was released by Sony Music. It featured songs numerous Greek singers, such as Sofia Arvaniti, Katy Garbi, Thanos Kalliris, Dionysis Schinas, Pashalis Terzis, Polina, Natassa Pantelidi, Ntinos Vrettos, Petros Kolettis and Lorna.
The Edna Staebler Award for Creative Non-Fiction is an annual literary award recognizing the previous year's best creative nonfiction book with a "Canadian locale and/or significance" that is a Canadian writer's "first or second published book of any type or genre". It was established by an endowment from Edna Staebler, a literary journalist best known for cookbooks, and was inaugurated in 1991 for publication year 1990. The award is administered by Wilfrid Laurier University's Faculty of Arts.[1] Only submitted books are considered.
Nothing Like I Imagined (Except for Sometimes) is the third memoir by actress and comedy writer Mindy Kaling.[1][2] Published in 2020, it is an essay collection made up of six stories, sold individually as Amazon Original Stories.[3] Kaling reads the 2-hour, 19-minute audio version.[4]
Community Boating, Inc. (CBI) is a private not-for-profit corporation run in association with the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation. Located on the Charles River Esplanade between the Hatch Shell and the Longfellow Bridge Community Boating is the oldest public sailing organization in the United States. [1]
Satabhaya is a village and a Sea beach located on the coastal side of Kendrapara District in Odisha, India. prone to natural calamities like the deposition of sand dunes causing great havoc to the inhabitants since time immemorial.
There is not even a cyclone-warning centre at this site. 
The village is at present surrounded by seawater, and the villagers are planning to migrate to a safer place.[1]
The following is an alphabetical list of members of the United States House of Representatives from the state of Wisconsin.  For chronological tables of members of both houses of the United States Congress from the state (through the present day), see United States congressional delegations from Wisconsin.
"Natural High" is a song performed by Bloodstone, released as the first single and title track from their second album. The song was written by the band's bassist Charles McCormick, and it was the first song from the band to enter the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number 10 on 21 July 1973.[1]
David Naguib Pellow (born 1969) is  Dehlsen Chair and Professor of Environmental Studies and Director of the Global Environmental Justice Project at the University of California, Santa Barbara. Previously he was Professor, Don Martindale Endowed Chair, Department of Sociology, University of Minnesota and Associate Professor of Ethnic Studies at the University of California, San Diego. His area of specialisation include issues concerning environmental justice, race and ethnicity,  labour, social protest, animal rights, immigration, free trade agreements, globalization, the global impacts of the high tech industry in Asia, Latin America and elsewhere.
Jeffrey Allen Hart (born September 10, 1953 in Portland, Oregon) is a former  gridiron football offensive lineman who played seven seasons in the National Football League, two seasons in the Canadian Football League, and two seasons in the United States Football League.[1]
the House of Kotzebue[a] was a Baltic German noble family of Brandenburgish origin, tracing its origin back to Kossebau in Altmark. They held nobility status in the Russian Empire and the Kingdom of Bavaria. The English name of the Alaskan Inuit city of Kotzebue, as well as the neighboring Kotzebue Sound, in the Alaskan Arctic take their names from Otto von Kotzebue, a Russian naval officer of this family.
Renaissance de la Harpe Celtique or Renaissance of the Celtic Harp is a 1972[1][2] record album by the Breton master of the Celtic harp Alan Stivell that revolutionised the connection between traditional folk music, modern rock music and world music.[3]
The Augusta County Courthouse is a two-story, red brick, public building in Staunton, Virginia. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1982.[1] It was designed by T.J. Collins, and construction ended in the Autumn of 1901.[3] It is located in the Beverley Historic District.  It is the fifth court house constructed on the site, the first having been a log building constructed in 1755.
National Cybersecurity Authority, National Cyber Security Authority, or the Saudi National Cybersecurity Authority, is a government security entity which focuses primarily on computer security in the Kingdom and is directly linked to the King's office.[1][2][3]
Civil War Times (formerly Civil War Times Illustrated) is a history magazine published bi-monthly which covers the American Civil War. It was established in 1962[1] by Robert Fowler due to centennial anniversary interest in the Civil War in the United States. The magazine was originally named Civil War Times Illustrated Magazine and based in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.[2] It focuses on both battlefield strategy and tactics and the social and economic conditions of the time, as well as the aftermath of the Civil War on the present.
The Barcelona Royal Shipyard (Catalan: Drassanes Reials de Barcelona, Spanish: Atarazanas Reales de Barcelona) is a shipyard and former military building of Gothic architecture placed at the Port Vell area of the Port of Barcelona. Nowadays it houses the Barcelona Maritime Museum. Construction started during the 13th century under the rule of Peter III of Aragon. During excavations in 2012[1][2][3]
it was discovered that in the late 16th century a new building was constructed on top of the old medieval dockyard, giving the building its current structure. This excavations also uncovered a Roman graveyard. The shipyard's restoration was finished in early 2013. The museum was reopened in 2014.
"The Watchers on the Wall" is the ninth and penultimate episode of the fourth season of HBO's medieval fantasy television series Game of Thrones. The 39th episode overall, it was written by series co-creators David Benioff and D. B. Weiss, and directed by Neil Marshall.[2] It first aired on HBO on June 8, 2014.[3]
"I'll Think of a Reason Later" is a song written by Tony Martin and Tim Nichols, and recorded by American country music artist Lee Ann Womack. It was released in December 1998 as the second single from her CD Some Things I Know.  The song peaked at #2 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks.
Usual Suspects is the fourth studio album by American hip hop group 5th Ward Boyz. It was released on November 18, 1997, through Rap-A-Lot Records. Recording sessions took place at Hippie House Studios and Digital Services in Houston and at the Enterprise in Burbank. Production was handled by Mike Dean, who had produced the majority of the group's previous three albums, Leroy "Mr. Lee" Williams, Freddie Young, Scarface, Flip, John Bido, and the 5th Ward Boyz themselves. It features guest appearances from Mr. Slimm of 5th Ward Juvenilez, Do or Die, Devin the Dude, Johnny P, Scarface, Spice 1, Willie D, 8Ball & MJG.
Solid wood is a term most commonly used to distinguish between ordinary lumber and engineered wood, but it also refers to structures that do not have hollow spaces. Engineered wood products are manufactured by binding together wood strands, fibers, or veneers with adhesives to form a composite material. Engineered wood includes plywood, oriented strand board (OSB) and fiberboard. The fact that a product is made from solid wood is often touted in advertisements. However, using solid wood has advantages and disadvantages.
Internet access is the ability of individuals and organizations to connect to the Internet using computer terminals, computers, and other devices; and to access services such as email and the World Wide Web. Internet access is sold by Internet service providers (ISPs) delivering connectivity at a wide range of data transfer rates via various networking technologies. Many organizations, including a growing number of municipal entities, also provide cost-free wireless access and landlines.
Lewis Carlo Merletti (born July 1, 1948) was the 19th Director of the United States Secret Service.[1] He succeeded Eljay B. Bowron, and was sworn in on June 6, 1997, by the Secretary of the Treasury Robert Rubin. A 25-year veteran of the United States Secret Service, Merletti has also served as Assistant Director in the Office of Training, and as the Special Agent in Charge of the Presidential Protection Division.
The Nine Mile Portage was a trail which connects Kempenfelt Bay of Lake Simcoe, Ontario, to Willow Creek, a tributary of the Nottawasaga River that flows to Wasaga Beach on Georgian Bay.[1] The city of Barrie plans to make it possible to walk the original route of the trail, but at present no public right-of-way exists.[2]
The Sovereign or Grand Master is the head of the Order of the Golden Fleece. Prior to the Napoleonic wars the Grand Master was always identical with the monarch controlling the Spanish or Austrian Netherlands,[1] although afterwards the order split into separate Austrian and Spanish branches.
The Ritchie Building is a historic industrial building at 112 Cypress Street in Brookline, Massachusetts.  Built in 1883 by Edward Samuel Ritchie, it is a fine example of the Panel Brick style, and is further notable as the factory space in which Ritchie manufactured a nationally distributed line of navigational instruments.  The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.[1]
Wrong Turn 2: Dead End is a 2007 American slasher film directed by Joe Lynch and starring Erica Leerhsen, Henry Rollins and Texas Battle. It is a sequel to Wrong Turn (2003) and the second installment in the Wrong Turn film series. The film received a positive response from critics and remains the best-reviewed film in the franchise. It grossed $9.2 million in home video sales.[3]
Formed in 1972 by voter initiative,[1] the Midpeninsula Regional Open Space District (MROSD) is a non-enterprise special district in the San Francisco Bay Area. It has acquired and preserved a regional green belt of open space land and provides opportunities for ecologically-sensitive public enjoyment and education.
19982 Barbaradoore, provisional designation 1990 BJ, is an eccentric, stony Phocaea asteroid and a recent Mars-crosser from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 5 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered on 22 January 1990, by American astronomer Eleanor Helin at the Palomar Observatory in California, United States.[4] The asteroid was named after Barbara Doore, a cousin of the discoverer.[2]
The Olongapo Caper  is an adventure story arc of the Philippine comic strip series Pugad Baboy, created by Pol Medina Jr. and originally published in the Philippine Daily Inquirer. This particular story arc lasts 49 strips long. In 1995, the story arc was reprinted in Pugad Baboy 6, the sixth book compilation of the comic strip series.
Untitled Earth Sim 64 is a 2021 science-fiction comedy short film written and directed by Jonathan Wilhelmsson (who previously made Waltzing Tilda).[1] The story is about Marie, a woman who comes to learn that her universe is an untitled simulation.[2][3][4] The film was shot in Gothenburg, Sweden, and was released in May 2021 along with a behind the scenes documentary on the making of the film.[5][6] It was later released by Gunpowder & Sky under their science-fiction label Dust.[7]
Pamukova YHT station is railway station, currently under construction, on the Istanbul-Ankara high-speed railway just south of Pamukova, Turkey. The station was originally expected to open in 2015, but due to political instability between the June and November 2015 Turkish presidential elections, the opening date has been pushed back. As of 2016 the tracks are complete, but construction on the station itself hasn't begun.
The Next Generation Missile (NGM),[1] formerly the Joint Dual Role Air Dominance Missile (JDRADM), was a proposed Beyond-visual-range (BVR) air-to-air missile (AAM) capable of all weather day and night performance, to replace the AIM-120 AMRAAM and AGM-88 HARM.[2][3]  It was proposed to be cancelled in the Obama Administration's 2013 budget request.[4]  A parallel project, the T-3 (Triple Target Terminator) program has continued.[5][6]  The T-3 missile is aimed at three major targets - enemy aircraft, cruise missiles and air defence networks.
Webb Institute is a private college focused on engineering and located in Glen Cove, New York. Each graduate of Webb Institute earns a Bachelor of Science degree in naval architecture and marine engineering. Successful candidates for admission receive full tuition for four years. Webb Institute is noted in the marine industry for its unique emphasis on ship design, systems engineering, and practical work experience.
Elections to Pembrokeshire County Council were held on 6 May 1999.[1]  It was preceded by the 1995 election and followed by the 2004 election.  On the same day there were the first elections to the Welsh Assembly and elections to the other 21 local authorities in Wales and community councils in Wales.
Dashken Indian Reserve No. 22, officially Dashken 22, is an Indian reserve in the North Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, located on the east tip of Smith Island,[1] which is immediately south of the Tsimpsean Peninsula and the City of Prince Rupert.
Meow the Jewels is a remix album by American hip hop duo Run the Jewels. It was released on September 25, 2015, by Mass Appeal Records and RBC Records. The album, a remix of the duo's original album Run the Jewels 2, has all instrumentals replaced with sounds of cats.
The Moapa Band of Paiute Indians of the Moapa River Indian Reservation are a federally recognized tribe of Southern Paiute, who live in southern Nevada on the Moapa River Indian Reservation.  They were in the past called the Muappa / Moapat[1][2] and the Nuwuvi.[3]
Elvis' Golden Records Volume 3 is a greatest hits album by American rock and roll singer Elvis Presley, released by RCA Victor as LPM/LSP-2765 on August 11, 1963. The album was the third volume of an eventual five volume collection, and his eighteenth altogether. It is a compilation of hit singles released in 1960, 1961, and 1962.
Like Father Like Son is the debut album by Ky-Mani Marley released on August 2, 1996, produced by David Lee. He is the son of reggae legend Bob Marley. The album features cover versions of some of Bob Marley's songs. The bass player is Robbie Shakespeare.
The Emgrand GE, formerly known as the Geely GE, is a three-seat full-size luxury concept car that was first unveiled at the Shanghai Motor Show in 2009. GE originally appeared similar to the Rolls-Royce Phantom before being restyled in 2010 and rebadged as an Emgrand, Geely's luxury brand. Price was to be ranged between 31,000 and US$47,000 and was scheduled to be available to the Chinese market in 2014.[1]
Santa Anna High School is a public high school located in Santa Anna, Texas, United States and classified as a 1A school by the University Interscholastic League (UIL). It is part of the Santa Anna Independent School District located in central Coleman County. In 2015, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.[2]
NGC 1788 is a reflection nebula in the constellation of Orion.  It is rather sharply defined on its southwest perimeter where it is flanked by the dark nebula known as Lynds 1616. Lynds 1616 is apparently part of NGC 1788.  The brightest involved star is 10th magnitude and lies in the northwest sector.
The Peirce Geodetic Monument is a marker honoring the late American philosopher Charles Sanders Peirce (pronounced "purse").[2] It is located on Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis (IUPUI) campus in downtown Indianapolis, Indiana, and was installed by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the U.S. National Geodetic Survey.[1]
198X is an arcade video game developed by Swedish[1] team Hi-Bit Studios and published by Sonka. Released worldwide on January 23, 2020 for the Nintendo Switch, the game received a Metacritic rating of 65. An homage to arcade gaming in the 1980s, 198X's coming-of-age story follows an unnamed "Kid" as they discover a video arcade in an abandoned factory and falls in love with video gaming. The gameplay of 198X's 5[2] chapters are each based around different arcade game genres that were popular at the time, such as beat 'em ups and horizontally-scrolling space shooters.
Patrick Stettner is an American film director and writer. His first film, Flux, was released in 1996 as a short, and starred Allison Janney in an early role. He went on to direct and write the screenplay for The Business of Strangers in 2001, which earned him a Grand Jury Prize nomination at the Sundance Film Festival of that year and earned lead actress Stockard Channing an AFI nomination for Best Female Actress.[1] In 2006, he then wrote and directed The Night Listener, an adaptation of Armistead Maupin's eponymous semi-autobiographical 2000 novel, which landed less-than-stellar reviews from critics. He has not directed any films since The Night Listener.
SheSays India is an NGO based in Mumbai, India working to promote gender equality and further the rights of women. Its website is accessible in regional and foreign languages, to educate people on their rights, the laws and redressal mechanisms against gender-based violence.[1] It is founded and led by Trisha Shetty, who is a lawyer and social activist.[2]
Verallia North America formerly the North American division of Verallia, is a glass packaging brand of the multinational company Ardagh Group. It produces more than nine billion glass bottles and jars per year, from thirteen plants located throughout the United States and is  headquartered in Muncie, Indiana.
CIRUS (Canada India Reactor Utility Services)[1][2][3] was a research reactor at the Bhabha Atomic Research Center (BARC) in Trombay near Mumbai, India. CIRUS was supplied by Canada in 1954, but used heavy water (deuterium oxide) supplied by the United States. It was the second nuclear reactor to be built in India.
Glycine/sarcosine N-methyltransferase (EC 2.1.1.156, ApGSMT, glycine-sarcosine methyltransferase, GSMT, GMT, glycine sarcosine N-methyltransferase, S-adenosyl-L-methionine:sarcosine N-methyltransferase) is an enzyme with systematic name S-adenosyl-L-methionine:glycine(or sarcosine) N-methyltransferase (sarcosine(or N,N-dimethylglycine)-forming).[1][2][3] This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
Blue Microphones (legally Baltic Latvian Universal Electronics, LLC) is an American audio production company owned by Logitech that designs and produces microphones, headphones, recording tools, signal processors, and music accessories for audio professionals, musicians and consumers.
In the anatomy of humans and homologous primates, the descending colon is the part of the colon extending from the left colic flexure to the level of the iliac crest (whereupon it transitions into the sigmoid colon). The function of the descending colon in the digestive system is to store the remains of digested food that will be emptied into the rectum.
In Etruscan religion and mythology, Tinia (also Tin, Tinh, Tins or Tina) was the god of the sky and the highest god in Etruscan mythology, equivalent to the Roman Jupiter and the Greek Zeus.[1] However, a primary source from the Roman Varro states that Veltha, not Tins, was the supreme deity of the Etruscans.[2] This has led some scholars to conclude that they were assimilated, but this is speculation.[3] He was the husband of Uni and the father of Hercle. Like many other Etruscan deities, his name is gender neutral.[4]
The Diocese of Niagara is one of thirty[1] regional divisions in the Anglican Church of Canada. The see city of the diocese is Hamilton, with the bishop's cathedra located at Christ's Church Cathedral on James Street North. Located within the ecclesiastical province of Ontario, it borders the Dioceses of Huron and Toronto. The area enclosed by the Diocese of Niagara includes much of the Golden Horseshoe, and moves north to include Erin and Orangeville as far as Shelburne. Moving sharply south the line includes Mount Forest and widens, south-westerly to include Elora and Guelph. Skirting Brantford and the Territory of the Six Nations Confederacy, the line then travels, again, south-westerly to Nanticoke and Lake Erie to include the entire Niagara Peninsula. Major urban centres within its borders are St. Catharines, Niagara Falls, Hamilton, Guelph, Oakville, Milton, Burlington, and Orangeville.
The Virginia Slims of Jacksonville (its sponsorship name) or Jacksonville Invitation[1] its official name is a defunct WTA Tour affiliated women's tennis tournament played from 1972 to 1973. It was held in Jacksonville, Florida in the United States and played on outdoor clay courts.
"L'amore esiste" (English: Love exists) is a song recorded by Italian singer Francesca Michielin, written by Fortunato Zampaglione and Michele Canova. The latter also produced the track, which was released on 6 March 2015 as the lead single from Michielin's second studio album, di20.
Certified double platinum by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry, it was Michielin's second solo top ten single in Italy. The song also received the Lunezia Pop Award in 2015.
Rennier Gadabu is a Nauruan politician[1] elected to the Parliament of Nauru during the 2019 elections held on August 24, 2019. He represents the Aiwo Constituency and was elected with 368 votes.[2] Following his election to Parliament, Mr. Gadabu was appointed by newly elected President Lionel Aingimea to serve in his administration as Minister for Commerce, Industry & Environment; Climate Change; and Infrastructure Development on 28 August 2019. [3]
"Crick Neck"  is a song by Jamaican dancehall recording artist Sean Paul, featuring vocals from Chi Ching Ching. The song was released as a digital download in the United Kingdom on 26 August 2016 through Island Records. The song was written by Sean Paul Henriques, Yannick Rastogi, Zacharie Raymond, Jordan McClure, David Hayle and Radion Beckford. Production was handled by Banx & Ranx (Yannick Rastogi & Zacharie Raymond) and Chimney (Jordan McClure & David Hayle). The song peaked at 140 on the UK Singles Chart.
Charles Peterson (born 1964 in Longview, Washington) is an American photographer well known for his work with the Seattle independent record label Sub Pop[1] and for capturing the then-newly emerging grunge scene in images. His photos are presented in the movie Kurt Cobain: About a Son.[2]
Wyvernhail is the fifth book in the Kiesha'ra Series by Amelia Atwater-Rhodes. The preceding four books in order are: Hawksong, Snakecharm, Falcondance, and Wolfcry.  It is told from the point of view of Hai the gyrfalcon, cobra mix, who is struggling to find a way out of Ecl, or the darkness.
The 1992 Canadian Open was a combined men's and women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 103rd edition of the Canada Masters, and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1992 ATP Tour, and of the Tier I Series of the 1992 WTA Tour. The men's event took place at the National Tennis Centre in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, from July 20 through July 26, 1992, and the women's event at the Uniprix Stadium in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, from August 17 through August 23, 1992.
Maxime Ouellet (born June 17, 1981) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender who played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Philadelphia Flyers, Washington Capitals and Vancouver Canucks from 2000 to 2006. He also played several years in the American Hockey League, retiring in 2009. Internationally he played for the Canadian national junior team at both the 2000 and 2001 World Junior Championships, winning a bronze medal each year.
Sunfish Lake is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 521 at the 2010 census.[4] First incorporated as a village in 1958, the city's goal has been to maintain a rural atmosphere, with large lot size and as little disturbance of the natural environment as possible.
The Clifford Cup is the most prestigious club rugby knockout tournament in Sri Lanka,[1][2] and arguably the oldest rugby tournament in Asia.[3] The Clifford Cup commenced in 1911 and has been played continuously since 1950, having completed 79 seasons. The tournament began as a competition between the mercantile executives in Colombo and planters in the hill country. 
Idavada, a portmanteau of Idaho & Nevada, is an historical locale in Twin Falls County, Idaho. It is home to the Idavada Volcanics formation of silicic rocks. The nearest major highway is U.S. Route 93, and the nearest established settlement is Jackpot, Nevada.
The Glacier National Park Tourist Trails, including the Inside Trail, South Circle Trail and North Circle Trail, were established in Glacier National Park to connect a series of tourist camps and hotels established by the Great Northern Railway between 1910 and 1915. Prior to the construction of the Going-to-the-Sun Road, these trails were the primary form of circulation within the park. The trail system includes a number of bridges.[2]
Deadman Creek is the mainstream creek that becomes the Owens River where Big Springs enters the Deadman Creek channel, "two miles east of the [CalTrans]  US395 Crestview maintenance station",[1] near Deadman Summit.[1]  The Sierra Crest demarcates the creek's drainage from the drainage of the Middle Fork San Joaquin River on the west.[2]
Academy Hall is an academic building on the campus of Edinboro University of Pennsylvania in Edinboro, Pennsylvania. Originally known as Austin Hall for its architect, the hall has since been called a variety of names that reflected its use at the time, including Literary Hall, Commercial Hall and Music Hall. Built in 1857, Academy Hall is the oldest building at the university and the oldest normal school building in Pennsylvania.[2][3] It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.[4]
The 38th Luna Awards ceremony, presented by the Film Academy of the Philippines (FAP), honored the best Filipino films of 2019. Because of the coronavirus pandemic, it took place online via livestream on December 18, 2020, and was broadcast on UNTV.[1][2]
Prostitution in Colombia is legal, regulated and limited to brothels in designated "tolerance zones".[1][2] Sex workers are required to have regular health checks.[3] However, the laws are rarely applied and prostitution is widespread,[2] partly due to poverty and internal displacement.[4]
SS India Victory was a Victory ship  built and operated as a cargo carrier and troopship in World War II. After the war the ship was used a private cargo ship. She sank on 12 July 1972, ran aground on a Pratas Reef in the South China in Typhoon Susan.[2]
Lambert Airport Terminal 1 is a St. Louis MetroLink station.[2] It is one of three stations to have an escalator system, with the other two being 8th & Pine and Convention Center. The station is attached to the eastern end of Terminal 1 at St. Louis-Lambert International Airport and also serves some nearby hotels.
The Ultimate Fighter: China is an international installment of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC)-produced reality television series The Ultimate Fighter. It is the fourth season produced outside the United States and the first to air in China, on Liaoning Television starting December 7, 2013.[1]
The Boston Motion Picture Awards are a group of international film and screenwriting competitions founded in 2004.  The competitions are Internet-based and reward both student and professional filmmakers with money and other prizes donated by sponsors. The BMPAs typically accept entries during the summer and early fall and then send out the ten best entries to a panel of guest judges.
Night of Terror is a 1933 American pre-Code horror film directed by Benjamin Stoloff, and starring Bela Lugosi, Sally Blane, Wallace Ford, and Tully Marshall.  Despite receiving top billing, Bela Lugosi has a relatively small part.[1] The film is also known as He Lived to Kill and Terror in the Night.[2]
Theft by finding occurs when someone chances upon an object which seems abandoned and takes possession of the object, but fails to take steps to establish whether the object is genuinely abandoned and not merely lost or unattended before taking it for themselves.[1] In some jurisdictions, the crime is called "larceny by finding" or "stealing by finding".[2][3]
Cordierite (mineralogy) or iolite (gemology) is a magnesium iron aluminium cyclosilicate. Iron is almost always present and a solid solution exists between Mg-rich cordierite and Fe-rich sekaninaite with a series formula: (Mg,Fe)2Al3(Si5AlO18) to (Fe,Mg)2Al3(Si5AlO18).[3] A high-temperature polymorph exists, indialite, which is isostructural with beryl and has a random distribution of Al in the (Si,Al)6O18 rings.[4]
Seven Year Ache is the third studio album by American country music singer Rosanne Cash, and her second for Columbia Records. It was released on February 28, 1981, and reached number one on the Billboard country album chart.[3] Three singles were released from her album; in the order of the singles' release they were: the title track, My Baby Thinks He's a Train, and Blue Moon with Heartache. Prior to that album's release, Cash hit the talk show circuit, starting with her appearance on The Merv Griffin Show.
The Theory of Deadly Initials was an hypothesis published in the Journal of Psychosomatic Research in 1999,[1] which proposed that there is a link between the lifespan of human males and their initials. The research, carried out by psychologists Nicholas Christenfeld, David Phillips and Laura Glynn, and published in the paper "What's in a Name: Mortality and the Power of Symbols", suggested that men with "negative" sets of initials (e.g. DIE or PIG) have, on average, a shorter lifespan than those with "positive" initials (e.g. ACE, VIP).
Anthony David Yates (born 5 May 1946) is a British solicitor and academic. He was Warden of Robinson College, Cambridge for twenty years between 2001 and 2021. Previously, he was Professor of Law at the University of Essex from 1979 to 1987, Dean of its School of Law from 1979 to 1984, and Pro-Vice-Chancellor of the university from 1985 to 1987. He was a partner at Baker & McKenzie from 1987 to 2001, and Chief Operating Officer of the law firm from 1998 to 2001.[1][2]
Kaolin spray is a pest control that has kaolin as the main ingredient. The practice has been in recorded use from 2000 B.C.E. in China. More recent studies have shown that kaolin sprays can promote photosynthesis and are effective in reducing insects and disease on plants.
COM (communication port)[1][2] is the original, yet still common, name of the  serial port interface on PC-compatible computers.  It can refer not only to physical ports, but also to emulated ports, such as ports created by Bluetooth or USB adapters.
Mason Gully is an ordinary chondrite[3][2] of subclass H5,[3][2][4] and is the second meteorite to be recovered using the Desert Fireball Network (DFN) camera observatory.[2][1][5][6] One stone weighing 24.5g was observed to fall by the Desert Fireball Network observatory in Western Australia on 13 April 2010 at 10h36m10s UTC.[3][2] It was recovered by the DFN on 3 November 2010 by Dr. R. Merle and the Fireball network recovery team,[3][2] and was found 150m from its predicted fall location based upon the observed trajectory and calculated mass.[3][5][6]
In 1994, the Irish Blood Transfusion Service Board (BTSB) informed the Minister for Health that a blood product they had distributed in 1977 for the treatment of pregnant mothers had been contaminated with the hepatitis C virus.
Following a report by an expert group, it was discovered that the BTSB had produced and distributed a second infected batch in 1991.
The Government established a Tribunal of Inquiry[1] to establish the facts of the case and also agreed to establish a tribunal for the compensation of victims but seemed to frustrate and delay the applications of these, in some cases terminally, ill women.
The International Human Epigenomics Consortium (IHEC) was launched in 2010 to coordinate global efforts in the field of epigenomics.[1][2] IHEC aims to generate at least 1,000 reference baseline human epigenomes from different types of normal and disease-related human cell types. 
The Paine Neighborhood Historic District of Standish, Maine encompasses a small collection of rural properties that were all developed within a short period of time by members of the Paine family.  Included are three late 18th-century houses and the family cemetery.  The area provides a view of early settlement patterns in Maine's interior.  The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.[1]
ImmoAgentur Stadion[1] is a multi-use stadium in Bregenz, Austria.  It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of SC Bregenz.  The stadium had a capacity of 11,112 people. It now has a capacity of 5,000 with the installation of seats.
Highway Encounter is a video game published for the ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC, MSX, Commodore 64, Sharp MZ, and Tatung Einstein by Vortex Software in 1985. It was written by Costa Panayi who also coded Android, Android Two, TLL, Cyclone, and Revolution.
FemTechNet (FTN[1]) is a feminist network of scholars, artists, and activists known for its feminist, decentralized pedagogy experiments.[2] FemTechNet became the focus of various media outlets when it broadcast its efforts to "storm" Wikipedia under its "wikistorming" initiative.[3][4][5] Beyond its 2013 Wikipedia project, FemTechNet has been described as "a new approach to collaborative learning",[6] and a "feminist anti-MOOC."[7]
The Mungo (Moungo) are an ethnic group of the Republic of Cameroon. Along with the other coastal peoples, they belong to the Sawa ethnic groups. The Mungo have historically been dominated by the Duala people, and the two groups share similar cultures, histories, and  claims of origin.
The Fichtelgebirge Club (German: Fichtelgebirgsverein or FGV) is a large walking club and local heritage society in Bavaria and recognised conservation group with 20,000 members in 55 local groups. As the name says, its main sphere of activity is in the Fichtelgebirge mountains in north Bavaria. Its emblem is the Arctic starflower (the Siebenstern).
The David and Mary May House is a historic residence in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.  Designed in the Italian Renaissance style of architecture, the house is a three-story structure constructed of Indiana limestone,[2] although themes of French Renaissance architecture can also be seen in its design.[3]  The foundation is also stone, while the roof is covered with rows of terracotta tiles.  Surrounded by trees, the house is covered by a hip roof that is pierced by multiple dormer windows.[4]  Some of the elements evoke a sense of the Beaux-Arts style, including the house's carefully designed symmetry, its decorative columns, urns, and swags, and the small wings on both sides of the central main portion of the house.  Occupying a corner lot, the house is placed to face the corner; as such, its rear is substantially less formal than the street-facing front.[5]
The Longford Lyell Award is a lifetime achievement award presented by the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts (AACTA), a non-profit organisation whose aim is "to identify, award, promote and celebrate Australia's greatest achievements in film and television."[1] The award is presented at the annual AACTA Awards, which hand out accolades for technical achievements in feature film, television, documentaries and short films.[2] From 1968 to 2010, the award was presented by the Australian Film Institute (AFI), the Academy's parent organisation, at the annual Australian Film Institute Awards (known as the AFI Awards).[3] When the AFI launched the Academy in 2011, it changed the annual ceremony to the AACTA Awards, with the current award being a continuum of the AFI Raymond Longford Award.[3]
The Studios of Key West is a center for the arts in Key West, an island community at the southernmost tip of the Florida Keys. Established in 2006 as a nonprofit cultural organization, The Studios works to promote multidisciplinary arts, to provide artist-in-residency opportunities for artists worldwide, and to maintain long-term studio spaces dedicated to Florida Keys
artists.[1][2] The organization publishes a yearly catalog of activities and maintains an extensive website at TSKW.org.
Icons, Abstract Thee is an EP from indie pop band of Montreal. It was released January 23, 2007, along with the album Hissing Fauna, Are You the Destroyer? and the promo CD single "Heimdalsgate Like a Promethean Curse". It is a collection of songs from recent singles, bonus tracks from the vinyl edition of Hissing Fauna, and a song that was put up on the band's Myspace page.
B4.Da.$$ (pronounced "Before Da Money") is the debut studio album by American rapper Joey Badass. It was released on January 20, 2015, his 20th birthday, by Cinematic Music Group and Relentless Records. The album was released in North America and United Kingdom, as well as being made available for digital download on iTunes.[1][2][3]
The Wisconsin Valley Improvement Company is a private company chartered by Section 182.70 of the Wisconsin Statutes. The company is responsible for organizing the flow from most of the upper Wisconsin River tributaries, and this flow affects the economy and ecosystem of the entire river. Its member companies are the owners and operators of dams along the Wisconsin River, such as paper manufacturers and utility companies with hydroelectric facilities on that river. The company is located in Wausau, Wisconsin. They include:
[1]
The Advantage-studio, created in 1987, is a French independent production company, specialising in producing documentaries with themes including: nature, the animal world and contemporary societies, either as full producer or as executive producer. Advantage-studio documentaries are regularly broadcast on French television.
The 2018 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference baseball tournament was held from May 23 through 26. The top six regular season finishers of the league's eleven teams met in the double-elimination tournament, which was at Richmond County Bank Ballpark in Staten Island, New York. As tournament champion, Canisius earned the conference's automatic bid to the 2018 NCAA Division I baseball tournament.[2][3]
"Dey Know" (sometimes called "They Know") is a song by American hip hop recording artist Shawty Lo, released on December 4, 2007, as his commercial debut single. The song also serves as the lead single from Shawty Lo's debut solo album, Units in the City. The track was produced by Balis Beats and Born Immaculate, who sampled Mandrill's "Children of the Sun".[1]
Dave Dashaway was a series of juvenile aviation novels written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Weldon J. Cobb, using the pseudonym of Roy Rockwood.[1] The series was published by Cupples & Leon from 1913 to 1915.[2] The hardback books had a picture printed onto the  front cover, plus a black and white frontispiece illustration.[3]
Robert Keith McKean  was a Canadian Anglican priest in the second half of the 20th century.[1]
McKean was educated at the University of Manitoba. Ordained in 1961,  his first post was a curacy at st Aidan, Winnipeg.[2] He was Rector of St Alban, Winnipeg from 1962 to 1965;[3] All Saints, Peterborough, Ontario from 1965. He was              Archdeacon of Peterborough from 1974.
The Nancy Drew Files, or the Nancy Drew Case Files, is a detective fiction series started in 1986 and released by Simon & Schuster,[1] New York. It is a spin-off of the original series of novels featuring Nancy Drew, with a greater emphasis on adventure, malice and romance. All the books have been written under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. This series has been targeted at readers who are age eleven and up. With a new book released almost every month, 124 titles were released in 11 years. More than 17 million copies are in print and the books have appeared on the bestseller lists of Publishers Weekly, B. Dalton, and Waldenbooks. In 2014, Simon & Schuster started releasing this series in eBook format.
"I Loved You" is a single by English deep house duo Blonde featuring vocals from English singer Melissa Steel. The track uses interpolations of "More", a song from the album of the same name by Canadian singer Tamia. It was released through Parlophone on 30 November 2014 in the United Kingdom. The song peaked at number 7 on the UK Singles Chart.
Fax art is art specifically designed to be sent or transmitted by a facsimile machine, where the "fax art" is the received "fax".  It is also called telecommunications art or telematic art.[1] According to art historians Annmarie Chandler and Norie Neumark, "Fax art was another means of mediating distances",[2]
"Dirty, dangerous and demeaning" (often "dirty, dangerous and demanding" or "dirty, dangerous and difficult"), also known as the 3Ds, is an American neologism derived from the Asian concept, and refers to certain kinds of labor often performed by unionized blue-collar workers.
The 2022 Davis Cup was the 110th edition of the Davis Cup, a tournament between national teams in men's tennis. It is sponsored by Rakuten.[1] The Russian Tennis Federation were the defending champions, but they and Belarus were eliminated from competing in international events due to the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.[2]
Elisabete A. Silva is a British-Portuguese planning theorist. She is a professor of spatial planning in the department of land economy at the University of Cambridge.[1] Silva was the first woman to be promoted to Senior Lecturer, Reader and Professor in the Department's history. 
Ciokaraine M'Barungu (1909 - unknown), known simply as Ciokaraine, was a prominent female diviner, political leader and human rights activist from Igembe, Kenya. She was a fierce supporter of women's rights and is known for having offered up her son's life in order to prevent a famine during the Mau Mau Uprising.[1][2]
The Karpatendeutsche Landsmannschaft Slowakei (English: Carpathian German Homeland Association Slovakia) is an organization of German refugees expelled from their homes in Slovakia after World War II. The organization is based in Stuttgart, and it was founded in 1949.
"I Just Wanna Be with You" is a song by Swedish musician Bo Martin Erik Erikson, known under the pseudonym of E-Type featuring backing vocals by singer Jessica Folcker. Produced by him with Kristian Lundin, it was released as the fourth single from his second album, The Explorer (1996). It was a major hit in several countries, peaking at number 10 in Sweden, number 15 in Finland and it also charted in Romania. 
Jersey Dutch (Duits)[2] was a Dutch dialect formerly spoken in and around the counties of Bergen and Passaic in New Jersey from the late 17th century until the early 20th century. It evolved in one of the two Dutch-speaking enclaves that remained for over two centuries after the dissolution of Dutch control in North America, the other (around Albany, New York) giving rise to Mohawk Dutch. It may have been a partial creole language[3] based on Zeelandic and West Flemish Dutch dialects with English and possibly some elements of Lenape.
The Armed Forces of India are eligible for many military decorations awarded for extraordinary bravery and distinguished service during times of war and peace. Service and campaign medals have been awarded throughout India's history as an independent state.
The Ancient Church of the East is an Eastern Christian denomination. It branched from the Assyrian Church of the East in 1964, under the leadership of Mar Toma Darmo (d. 1969). It is one of three Assyrian Churches that claim continuity with the historical Church of the East (the ancient Patriarchal Province of Seleucia-Ctesiphon), the others being the Assyrian Church of the East and the Chaldean Catholic Church. The Ancient Church of the East is headquartered in Baghdad, Iraq.
West Irving station is a Trinity Railway Express commuter rail and bus station in Irving, Texas. It is located at Jackson Street near Esters Road and served Irving Mall with connecting bus service to Las Colinas and North Lake College. It opened on November 13, 2000. Unlike many rail stations, West Irving does not have an indoor heating/cooling facility, nor does it have a station attendant. However, it does have passenger shelters for bus and TRE riders.
A double heterostructure, sometimes called double heterojunction, is formed when two semiconductor materials are grown into a "sandwich". One material (such as AlGaAs) is used for the outer layers (or cladding), and another of smaller band gap (such as GaAs) is used for the inner layer. In this example, there are two AlGaAs-GaAs junctions (or boundaries), one at each side of the inner layer. There must be two boundaries for the device to be a double heterostructure. If there was only one side of cladding material, the device would be a simple, or single, heterostructure.
Rigo 23 (born Ricardo Gouveia, 1966) is a Portuguese-born American muralist, painter, and political artist. He is known in the San Francisco community for having painted a number of large, graphic "sign" murals including: One Tree next to the U.S. Route 101 on-ramp at 10th and Bryant Street, Innercity Home on a large public housing structure, Sky/Ground on a tall abandoned building at 3rd and Mission Street, and Extinct over a Shell gas station.[1] He resides in San Francisco, California.
Wasatch Railroad Contractors was a railroad equipment repair business founded in 1999 by John E. Rimmasch in Heber, Utah.[1] The company specialized in historic railcar and steam locomotive repairs, and employed former Union Pacific Steam manager Steve Lee.[2] The company relocated to Cheyenne, Wyoming in 2005 where it operated a steam locomotive shop and a railcar repair facility Shoshoni, Wyoming.
A natural building involves a range of building systems and materials that place major emphasis on sustainability.  Ways of achieving sustainability through natural building focus on durability and the use of minimally processed, plentiful or renewable resources, as well as those that, while recycled or salvaged, produce healthy living environments and maintain indoor air quality. Natural building tends to rely on human labor, more than technology. As Michael G. Smith observes, it depends on "local ecology, geology and climate; on the character of the particular building site, and on the needs and personalities of the builders and users."[1]
The Australian Music Foundation [AMF] is a charitable foundation, first established in the United Kingdom, with the chief purpose of providing financial support to outstanding young Australian musicians who wish to pursue post-graduate music courses in leading music education institutions around the globe. It also offers performance opportunities in Australia and abroad, advice and mentoring to awardees.
In astronomy, a transit (or astronomical transit) is a phenomenon when a celestial body passes directly between a larger body and the observer. As viewed from a particular vantage point, the transiting body appears to move across the face of the larger body, covering a small portion of it.[1]
Girl Scouts of Central and Western Massachusetts serves 15,000 girls in 186 communities. It was formed by a merger in early 2008 of three councils: Girl Scouts of Montachusett Council, Girl Scouts of Pioneer Valley, Girl Scouts of Western Massachusetts.
An animation camera, a type of rostrum camera, is a movie camera specially adapted for frame-by-frame shooting of animation. It consists of a camera body with lens and film magazines, and is most often placed on a stand that allows the camera to be raised and lowered above a table often having both top and underneath lighting. The artwork to be photographed is placed on this table.
George Howard Flint (born February 26, 1937) is a former American football guard who played five seasons with the Buffalo Bills of the American Football League (AFL). Flint played college football at Arizona State University and attended North High School in Phoenix, Arizona. He was also a member of the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League. Flint was an AFL All-Star in 1965. He was a member of the Buffalo Bills teams that won the 1964 and 1965 AFL championships.[1][2]
Chinatown in Denver, Colorado, was a residential and business district of Chinese Americans in what is now the LoDo section of the city. It was also referred to as "Hop Alley", based upon a slang word for opium.[1] The first Chinese resident of Denver, Hong Lee, arrived in 1869 and lived in a shanty at Wazee and F Streets and ran a washing and ironing laundry business. More Chinese immigrants arrived in the town the following year. Men who had worked on the construction of the first transcontinental railroad or had been miners in California crossed over the Rocky Mountains after their work was completed or mines were depleted in California. 
Roar or Roari was a Danish man in Gesta Danorum. He helped raise Prince Gram and trained him in swordsmanship. He later married his daughter to him. However, this marriage ended when Gram grew tired of his wife and arranged her marriage to his retainer, Bess.[1]
John Behr (born 16 October 1966) is a British Eastern Orthodox priest and theologian. Since 2020, he has served as the Regius Professor of Humanity at the University of Aberdeen.[1] He is the former dean of St. Vladimir's Orthodox Theological Seminary, where he was the director of the Master of Theology Program and the Father Georges Florovsky Distinguished Professor of Patristics. He was ordained to the diaconate on 8 September 2001 and the priesthood on 14 September 2001. He is the editor of the Patristic Series released by St. Vladimir's Press. He was elected dean of the seminary on 18 November 2006 and served from 2007 until 2017 when he was named Father Georges Florovsky Distinguished Professor of Patristics.[2]
Daily ME is a term that describes a virtual daily newspaper customized for an individual's tastes. This term was popularized by MIT Media Lab founder Nicholas Negroponte. The term has also been associated with the phenomenon of individuals customizing and personalizing their news feeds, resulting in their being exposed only to content they are already inclined to agree with.
He's a Cockeyed Wonder is a 1950 American comedy film directed by Peter Godfrey and written by Jack Henley. The film stars Mickey Rooney, Terry Moore, William Demarest, Charles Arnt, Ross Ford and Ned Glass. The film was released on December 2, 1950, by Columbia Pictures.[1]
The Talat Noi Branch is Siam Commercial Bank's first permanent office, and the oldest operating bank branch in Thailand. It is located in Talat Noi Subdistrict of Bangkok's Samphanthawong District, at the periphery of Bangkok's Chinatown. The building, designed by Italian architect Annibale Rigotti in the Beaux-Arts style, was built in 1908 or 1910.[1][2] It sits on the bank of the Chao Phraya River, almost next to the Holy Rosary Church, and is listed by the Fine Arts Department as an unregistered ancient monument. The building received the ASA Architectural Conservation Award in 1982, and underwent renovations in 1995.[1]
United Nations Security Council Resolution 320, adopted on 29 September 1972, after reaffirming previous resolutions, the Council expressed concern that despite the previous resolutions, several states were covertly and overtly violating the sanctions on Southern Rhodesia. The Council requested that the committee which had been established in resolution 253, consider the type of action which should be taken "in view of the open and persistent refusal of South Africa and Portugal to implement sanctions" and asked for the report no later than 31 January 1973.
Neal Roese (born February 13, 1965) holds the SC Johnson Chair in Global Marketing at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.[1] Trained as a social psychologist, he is most well known for his work on judgment and decision making, counterfactual thinking, and regret.
Gravitational biology is the study of the effects gravity has on living organisms. Throughout the history of the Earth life has evolved to survive changing conditions, such as changes in the climate and habitat. However, one constant factor in evolution since life first began on Earth is the force of gravity. As a consequence, all biological processes are accustomed to the ever-present force of gravity and even small variations in this force can have significant impact on the health and function and the system of organisms.[1]
Dr. Polina Klimovitskaya is a Russian director, Master Acting teacher, and actress. She is the founder of Terra Incognita Theater and has taught acting at Yale University, New York University, and Michael Howard Studios in New York City, among other institutions.
Syedi Fakhruddin Shaheed is the 11th-century holy Ismaili, Fatimid, mustaali saint who was first Ismaili martyr, martyred during missionary work among Bhils local tribal in Rajasthan and buried in Galiakot, India. The mausoleum is the most venerated place amongst his followers.[1][2]
This is a listing of the horses that finished in either first, second, or third place and the number of starters in the Stephen Foster Handicap, an American Grade 1 race for age three and up at 1-1/8 miles on the dirt held at Churchill Downs in Louisville, Kentucky.[1]
Farihibe is a four-part Maldivian short film series written by Ahmed Falah and produced by Mohamed Abdulla under Dhekedheke Ves Productions.[1] The first two installments of the series, directed by Falah were released in 2007 and 2008 respectively. The last two installments of the series were directed by Abdulla Muaz.[2] All the dialogues from Farihibe 4 were conveyed in the form of farihi, a traditional satirical format of a poem.
Shri Panchmukhi Hanuman Mandir is a historic Hindu temple in Pakistan. It is located in the Soldier Bazaar in Karachi in the Sindh Province of Pakistan[1] It is a 1,500 year old temple. It is the only temple in the world that has the natural statue of Lord Hanuman.[2] It is declared as a national heritage under the Sindh Cultural Heritage (Preservation) Act 1994.[3]
Jungle of the Midwest Sea is the fourth studio album by the Chicago celtic punk band Flatfoot 56.[4] The album was released on May 15, 2007 by Flicker Records.[5] The album received critical acclaim and the band embarked on several tours after the release.[6]  The album was produced by The O.C. Supertones members, Ethan Luck & Daniel Spencer.
The Traditional Tune Archive (TTA) is the searchable digital library of traditional music from Ireland, Great Britain and North America organized alphabetically, by tune title, with alternate or additional titles and variants cross-referenced, music in standard and ABC notation, annotated information on history and context, along with references and internet links for further reference.
Naval armor refers to the various protections schemes employed by warships, and is distinguished from other kinds of armour. Naval sailing ships have had protection from weaponry since at least ancient times, when Greek and Roman warships used simple cladding. As weapons evolved and became more destructive, naval armour became an important part of warships. Korean and European ships began to use some iron plating in the 1500s. The first ironclad warship was created in 1859, and the pace of armour advancement accelerated quickly thereafter. The emergence of battleships around the turn of the 20th century saw ships become increasingly large and well armoured. Vast quantities of heavily armoured ships were used during the World Wars, and were crucial in the outcome. The emergence of guided missiles in the last part of the 20th century has greatly reduced the utility of armor, and most modern warships are now only lightly armored.
The 2011 UCI Para-cycling Track World Championships were the World Championships for track cycling where athletes with a physical disability competed in 2011. The Championships took place at the Montichiari Velodrome in Montichiari, Italy from 11 to 13 March 2011.
Victor James Santiago, Jr. (born September 6, 1977), better known by his stage name N.O.R.E. (or Noreaga), is an American rapper and broadcaster. Born and raised in Queens, New York,[1][2] Santiago first rose to prominence as one half of the East Coast hip hop duo Capone-N-Noreaga (C-N-N), alongside fellow Queens-based rapper Capone. He would also have success as a solo artist with the singles "Superthug", "Banned from T.V." (featuring Big Pun, Nature, Cam'ron, Jadakiss, and Styles P), "Nothin'" (featuring Pharrell) and "Oye Mi Canto".
Sharon Quirk-Silva (born September 17, 1962) is an American politician and educator serving as a member of the California State Assembly, representing the 65th Assembly District, which includes portions of northern Orange County, including La Palma, Cypress, Fullerton and Buena Park.
Gaucho literature, also known as gauchesco ("gauchoesque") genre was a literary movement purporting to use the language of the gauchos, comparable to the American cowboy, and reflecting their mentality. Although earlier works have been identified as gauchoesque, the movement particularly thrived from the 1870s to 1920s in Argentina, Uruguay and southern Brazil after which the movement petered out, although some works continued to be written. Gauchoesque works continue to be read and studied as a significant part of Argentine literary history.[1]
Crooky is a 1915 American silent film written by Paul West, directed by C. Jay Williams, and starring Frank Daniels, Charles Eldridge and Harry T. Morey. It was Daniels screen debut, and received universally positive reviews. The original title was Crooky Scruggs, but during its theatrical run, the title was shortened to Crooky.
The Winnebago County Courthouse is a five-story county courthouse built in 1937 and located in Oshkosh, Wisconsin. It houses the circuit court and government offices of Winnebago County, Wisconsin. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 and on the State Register of Historic Places in 1989 for its statewide significance as an example of Moderne architecture, a variety of Art Deco.[2][3]
Janine Pease is an American educator and Native American advocate. She is the founding president of the Little Big Horn College as well as the past president of the American Indian Higher Education Consortium and director of the American Indian College Fund. She was appointed by President Bill Clinton to the National Advisory Council on Indian Education and the White House Initiative on Tribal Colleges and Universities Advisory Council.[1] She has also served as a trustee of the Smithsonian National Museum of the American Indian.[2]
Our Daily Bread Ministries (formerly RBC Ministries) is a Christian organization founded by Dr. Martin De Haan in 1938. It is based in Grand Rapids, Michigan, with over 600 employees.  It produces several devotional publications, including Our Daily Bread. The ministry produces radio and television programs along with an online university program called Christian University GlobalNet.
"The World We Live In" is a song by American rock band The Killers, taken from the band's third studio album Day & Age (2008), it was released as the third single in the UK and Europe. In North America and the rest of the world, "A Dustland Fairytale" is the third single.[1]
Non revenue water (NRW) is water that has been produced and is "lost" before it reaches the customer. Losses can be real losses (through leaks, sometimes also referred to as physical losses) or apparent losses (for example through theft or metering inaccuracies). High levels of NRW are detrimental to the financial viability of water utilities, as well to the quality of water itself. NRW is typically measured as the volume of water "lost" as a share of net water produced. However, it is sometimes also expressed as the volume of water "lost" per km of water distribution network per day.
Joe Green is a serial social entrepreneur and investor based in San Francisco, CA. He is the co-founder and President of the Psychedelic Science Funders Collaborative, a nonprofit donor network that supports research on psychedelic medicine.[1] Green is also the co-founder of Treehouse, a company that develops community living apartment complexes in Los Angeles, CA.
The National Home for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, Marion Branch is a historic old soldiers' home located in Marion, Indiana.  The hospital, along with Marion National Cemetery were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999 as a national historic district.[1][2]
A climbing harness is a device which allows a climber access to the safety of a rope.[1]  It is used in rock and ice climbing, abseiling, and lowering; this is in contrast to other activities requiring ropes for access or safety such as industrial rope work (such as window cleaning), construction, and rescue and recovery, which use safety harnesses instead.
Birdsong (Catalan: El cant dels ocells) is a 2008 film by Catalan auteur Albert Serra. The film recounts the journey of the three wise men as they travel to meet the Baby Jesus. Serra shot and edited over 100 hours of footage for the film.[2] Canadian film critic Mark Peranson played Joseph.[3]
Sirsihawa  is a town in Krishnanagar Municipality in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Province of southern Nepal. The former Village development committee was merged to form the municipality established on 18 May 2014 Krishnanagar, Sirsihawa, Shivanagar VDCs.[1] At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,745 in 458 individual households.[2]
Basilisk is the second album by Japanese rock band D'erlanger, released on March 7, 1990.[1] It was their first on a major record label, reached number 5 on the Oricon Albums Chart, and charted for 8 weeks.[2] It was also their last album before they disbanded at the end of the year.[3] Although they have since reunited and released Lazzaro in 2007.
The Mifos Initiative is a U.S.-based non-profit that exists to support and collectively lead the open source Mifos X project. Founded in October 2011, the organization encompasses a community of financial service providers, technology specialists, financial services experts and open source developers working together to grow the Mifos X open source platform for financial services. Its goal is to speed the elimination of poverty by enabling financial service providers to more effectively and efficiently deliver responsible financial services to the world's 2.5 billion poor and unbanked.
The 2004 Pilot Pen Tennis was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 22nd edition of the Pilot Pen Tennis and was part of the Tier II Series of the 2004 WTA Tour. It took place at the Cullman-Heyman Tennis Center in New Haven, United States, from August 22 through August 28, 2004. Seventh-seeded Elena Bovina won the singles title and earned $93,000 first-prize money.
The 1991 London Marathon was the 11th running of the annual marathon race in London, United Kingdom, which took place on Sunday, 21 April. The elite men's race was won by Soviet athlete Yakov Tolstikov in a time of 2:09:17 hours and the women's race was won by Portugal's Rosa Mota in 2:26:14. Tolstikov's run was a Soviet record, which was never bettered as the country collapsed at the end of 1991.[1]
Professor Peter Drahos is an Australian academic and researcher specializing in the areas of intellectual property and global business regulation amongst others. He is the Director of the Centre for Governance of Knowledge and Development and was formerly the Head of Program of the Regulatory Institutions Network at the Australian National University. He has served in an advisory capacity to various governments and international organisations on intellectual property issues and holds a Chair in Intellectual Property at the University of London. He is also a member of the Australian Bar.[1] He was a 2004 recipient, along with John Braithwaite, of the University of Louisville Grawemeyer Award for Ideas Improving World Order.[2]
Kevin Cameron has been an editor at Cycle World magazine since 1991,[1] before which he was an editor at Cycle for almost twenty years,[2][3] and a race tuner from the early 1970s through the 1980s.[4] He is also an author of many books on motorcycles specializing in performance and engineering. Cameron is a graduate of Harvard University, where he studied physics.[3][4]
Jeffrey Stanley (born September 3, 1967) is a playwright born in Roanoke, Virginia. He began writing in elementary school, and graduated from New York University Tisch School of the Arts Undergraduate Film & TV Program and Graduate Dramatic Writing Program.  He was also a fellow at Yaddo, a Copeland Fellow at Amherst College, an Amtrak Residency for Writers recipient, and a Fulbright-Nehru Scholar.
Cines del Sur is an international film festival in Granada, Spain, that focuses on emerging cinemas belonging to what is known as the geo-political south. Film productions (from Asia, Africa and Latin America) which often have limited distribution and screening opportunities find in Cines del Sur a platform to help them gain recognition.
Beyond its appearance as a showcase of films, Cines del Sur is also a place for encounters, discussion and sharing among professionals, film lovers and people interested in broadening their social, cultural, economic and political perspective of the globalized world. The festival encourages reflection and debate on the enormous value of diversity and cultural exchange.
Positive psychology is defined as a method of building on what is good and what is already working instead of attempting to stimulate improvement by focusing on the weak links in an individual, a group, or in this case, a company.[1] Implementing positive psychology in the workplace means creating an environment that is more enjoyable, productive, and values individual employees. This also means creating a work schedule that does not lead to emotional and physical distress.
Bite-Back[3] is a UK-based charity dedicated to shark and marine conservation which believes that over-fishing, coupled with the over-consumption of wild fish, are the two biggest threats facing the marine world. Through its work[4] it seeks to educate people about the issues facing the only truly wild items[5] stocked by supermarkets and to empower its supporters to help change the way fish is consumed. The charity's goal is to encourage retailers to put conservation before commerce.
Katherine L. Knight is an American immunologist. She is professor and chair of the Department of Microbiology and Immunology at Loyola University Chicago[1] whose research work has focused on the genetic basis of antibody formation and the interactions of the immune system with intestinal microbiota.[2] Knight was president of The American Association of Immunologists from 1996 to 1997.[3]
The International Cosmos Prize was established in 1993, commemorating Expo '90 in Osaka, Japan. The objective of the prize was to develop the basic concept of Expo 90, "The Harmonious Coexistence between Nature and Mankind" and is awarded annually by the Commemorative Foundation for the International Garden and Greenery Exposition, Osaka, Japan, 1990 (Expo '90 Foundation).[1]
The McDaniel-Johns Hopkins football rivalry is an American college football rivalry between the McDaniel Green Terror football team of McDaniel College and Johns Hopkins Blue Jays football team of Johns Hopkins University. Customarily it is the last game the regular season for both respective schools.
Seasar2 is an open-source application framework similar to the
Spring Framework (Java). Initially, it was developed for the Java platform by Yasuo Higa, but .NET and PHP platforms are currently supported as well.
Seasar2 has a large base of Japanese users, but there is a steady increase of
non-Japanese users since English support was announced at the JavaOne 2005 Tokyo conference.
Robert W. Norris (born May 22, 1932) was a major general in the United States Air Force. He was the United States Air Force Judge Advocate General from 1985 to 1988.[1]  He holds a law degree from the University of Alabama Law School and The George Washington University Law School.[2]
Samsung Global Scholarship Program (Samsung GSP or GSP) is a talent program of Samsung Electronics (SEC). Focusing on the goal of having talented personnel with strong business skills, leadership potential and career aspirations, SEC recognized the compelling need for high-quality leaders, hence the Global Scholarship Program was created to nurture a very selectively compiled group of individuals, who later in the long run might become leaders ("Future Global Leaders") of the various SEC subsidiaries around the world, replacing the Korean-national management layer (what is the usual practice at the chaebol). It differs from Samsung Scholarship, formerly known as Samsung Lee Kun-hee Scholarship for supporting exceptionally talented Korean university students for global educations in mostly STEM (science, technology, engineering, and mathematics) fields.
MATCH International Women's Fund is a non-profit, non-governmental organization based in Ottawa, Canada. MATCH is dedicated to funding women's rights movements and grassroots organizations working on women's rights worldwide. They have a particular interest in the global South.[1][2][3][4] MATCH was found in 1976 by two Canadian women. Since then, MATCH International has helped women's rights organizations from numerous countries with investments totaling $12 million for improvement of women and girl's rights.[5][4] In 2013, the organization re-launched under the name MATCH International Women's Fund with the same aim to invest in women and girls in the global South.[3][5][6][7] As the only international women's fund in Canada, their motto is, "Holding Ground and Breaking Ground" on women's, girls', and transgender rights.[2][6][8] The organization's funding comes from individual donors, corporate partners, and the government of Canada.[1][8][9]
Donald Kirk Willis (born July 15, 1973 in Goleta, California) is a former American football guard in the National Football League. He was signed by the Seattle Seahawks as an undrafted free agent in 1995. He played college football at North Carolina A&T and Washington. Willis was the head coach at his high school alma mater, Cabrillo High School, in Lompoc, California.  He also has coached track and field.
Adab High School in Isfahan, Iran, was established in the early 20th century by British Anglican missionaries as an all-boys school. It was later converted to a secular school under the direction of Isa Sadiq (a man of letters and Minister of Education) and under the administration of Sayyid Yahya DowlatAbadi. Adab High School was the only all-boys high school in Isfahan with its own swimming pool and soccer field. At the time of its inception, Adab High School enjoyed modern physics and chemistry laboratories.[1]
Letters to God is a 2010 American Christian drama film directed by David Nixon and starring Robyn Lively, Jeffrey Johnson, Tanner Maguire, Michael Bolten and Bailee Madison. The story was written by Patrick Doughtie about his son Tyler, with the screenplay penned by Doughtie, Art D'Alessandro, Sandra Thrift and Cullen Douglas. The story took place in Nashville, Tennessee, but the movie was filmed in the Orlando, Florida area.
The Greenwood function correlates the position of the hair cells in the inner ear to the frequencies that stimulate their corresponding auditory neurons. Empirically derived in 1961 by Donald D. Greenwood, the relationship has shown to be constant throughout mammalian species when scaled to the appropriate cochlear spiral lengths and audible frequency ranges. Moreover, the Greenwood function provides the mathematical basis for cochlear implant surgical electrode array placement within the cochlea.
Joseph Humphries Barquet (September 10, 1823 - March 14, 1880) was a Union soldier in the 54th Massachusetts Infantry Regiment and a civil rights activist. Born in a rich mixed family in Charleston, he lived most of his life in Illinois as a mason. He gave many speeches and wrote newspaper articles in support of various causes which were important to the Black communities of Galesburg, Illinois as a whole, and the U.S. military.
The Story of the Ghost is the seventh studio album by American rock band Phish, released by Elektra Records on October 27, 1998. The album features an emphasis on the jazz-funk influenced "cow-funk" style, which the group had been experimenting with in concert throughout 1997 and 1998. The album's first single was "Birds of a Feather", which was a Top 20 hit on Billboard magazine's Adult Alternative Songs chart.[5]
Mons Tai is a mountain of the surface of the Moon. [1] Its name, given on March 4, 2019, comes from the mountain of Tai Shan, mountain in China's Shandong province just south of Beijing.[2] Its diameter is 24 km. The name was given in connection with the Chang'e 4 mission, the lander of which has landed within this crater.   
The loi Carrez, or Carrez law[1] is a French law enacted on 18 December 1996 which obliges the vendor of a property lot (or fraction of a lot) in a condominium to specifically mention the surface area in all documents relating to the property sold. It is named after its author Gilles Carrez, the then RPR member of the National Assembly for the Val-de-Marne's 5th constituency.[2]
Blok M is a business and shopping quarter located in Kebayoran Baru, South Jakarta, Indonesia. It runs east from Iskandarsyah street to Bulungan street in the west. North from Falatehan street to Melawai street in the south. The development is similar to some of the developments near Kota, West Jakarta. On daily basis crowds of people throng its street, and even more so during night time. Much of the popularity of the quarter is due to the prices of goods (which are often low due to the relatively inexpensive property costs for vendors), and the night life.
Gelatinase A, also known as MMP2 (EC 3.4.24.24, 72-kDa gelatinase, matrix metalloproteinase 2, type IV collagenase, 3/4 collagenase, matrix metalloproteinase 5, 72 kDa gelatinase type A, collagenase IV, collagenase type IV, MMP 2, type IV collagen metalloproteinase, type IV collagenase/gelatinase) is an enzyme.[1][2][3] This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
The Impact Digital Media Championship is a professional wrestling championship created and promoted by Impact Wrestling.  It is an intergender championship, open to both male and female wrestlers.[1][2][3] The current and longest reigning champion is Joe Hendry in his first reign.
The 2001 Amsterdam Admirals season was the seventh season for the franchise in the NFL Europe League (NFLEL). The team was led by head coach Bart Andrus in his first year, and played its home games at Amsterdam ArenA in Amsterdam, Netherlands. They finished the regular season in fifth place with a record of four wins and six losses.
Marcus Arrecinus Clemens (fl. 1st century), was a prefect of the Praetorian Guard during the reign of Vespasian. In return for his faithful service, Clemens was promoted to other important positions, including being twice consul and urban prefect of Rome.
The proportional reporting ratio (PRR)[1][2][3][4] is a statistic that is used to summarize the extent to which a particular adverse event is reported for individuals taking a specific drug, compared to the frequency at which the same adverse event is reported for patients taking some other drug (or who are taking any drug in a specified class of drugs).  The PRR will typically be calculated using a surveillance database in which reports of adverse events from a variety of drugs are recorded.
Attapeu International Airport (IATA: AOU, ICAO: VLAP) is an airport that serves Attapeu in Laos. It opened in May 2015 following two years of construction. Lao Airlines provided flights from Vientiane via Pakse three times a week; however, it stopped them in October 2016 because of low passenger demand. The airport is located in Attapeu Province, which borders Vietnam and has seen greater commercial activity; however, it does not receive much tourism.
Innovative Leisure is a Los Angeles-based record label founded in 2010 by Nate Nelson, Jamie Strong,[1] and Hanni El Khatib.[2] Its genre-spanning roster is anchored by artists including BADBADNOTGOOD, Classixx, De Lux, Hanni El Khatib, Nick Waterhouse, and Tijuana Panthers. Notable alumni include garage rock bands Allah-Las, Bass Drum of Death, and The Buttertones, Thai psych rock ensemble Khun Narin, and producers Nosaj Thing and Jim-E Stack.
I Do... Until I Don't is a 2017 American comedy film written and directed by Lake Bell. The film stars Bell, Ed Helms, Mary Steenburgen, Paul Reiser, Amber Heard, Dolly Wells, and Wyatt Cenac. The film was released on September 1, 2017, by The Film Arcade.
Outside money is money that is not a liability for anyone "inside" the economy. It is held in an economy in net positive amounts. Examples are money that is backed by gold, and assets denominated in foreign currency or otherwise backed up by foreign debt, like foreign cash, stocks or bonds. Typically, the private economy is considered as the "inside", so government-issued money is also "outside money."
[1]
"The Hunt" is the seventh episode of the sixth season of the American Neo-Western[1] television series Justified. It is the 72nd overall episode of the series and was written by executive producer Taylor Elmore and Keith Schreier and directed by Peter Werner. It originally aired on FX on March 3, 2015.
Infotainment (a portmanteau of information and entertainment),[1] also called soft news as a way to distinguish it from serious journalism or hard news, is a type of media, usually television or online, that provides a combination of information and entertainment.[2] The term may be used disparagingly to devalue infotainment or soft news subjects in favor of more serious hard news subjects.[3][4] Infotainment-based websites and social media apps are gaining traction due to their focused publishing of infotainment content, e.g. BuzzFeed.[5]
Bluesanct Records is an independent record label located in Bloomington, Indiana and run by Michael (Mkl) Anderson, who records experimental music for the label under the Drekka moniker. Other artists include Elephant Micah, Vollmar, and Caethua. Alumni include Low, Rivulets, Static Films, and The Iditarod.
Fort Snelling State Park is a state park of the U.S. state of Minnesota, at the confluence of the Mississippi and Minnesota rivers. For many centuries, the area of the modern park has been of importance to the Mdewakanton Dakota people who consider it the center of the earth. The state park, which opened in 1962, is named for the historic Fort Snelling, which dates from 1820. The fort structure is maintained and operated by the Minnesota Historical Society. The bulk of the state park preserves the bottomland forest, rivers, and backwater lakes below the river bluffs. Both the state and historic fort structure are part of the Mississippi National River and Recreation Area, a National Park Service site.
Haris Pamboukis (born June 29, 1958 in Athens) is a Greek Professor of private international law and international business transactions at the Athens School of Law, lawyer licensed to practice law before the Supreme Court and ex Minister of State (and for a short period, Deputy Minister of Development) in the government of George Papandreou (2009-2011). He is the author of numerous articles in Greek, English and French, while he has published several legal monographs and political essays.
Blood Glacier (also known as Blutgletscher, Glazius, and The Station) is a 2013 Austrian horror film directed by Marvin Kren. The movie had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 6, 2013 and had a limited theatrical release in the United States on May 2, 2014. It stars Gerhard Liebmann as a researcher faced with a strange liquid that poses a threat to anything living.[1]
Sally MacKenzie is a USA Today bestselling romance novelist who has currently published eight books, The Naked Duke (2005), The Naked Marquis (2006), The Naked Earl (2007), The Naked Gentleman (2008), The Naked Baron (2009), The Naked Viscount (2010), The Naked King (2011), and Bedding Lord Ned (2012).
Andrew Foster Altschul is an American fiction writer. He is the author of the novels Deus Ex Machina, Lady Lazarus, and The Gringa[1] and his short fiction and essays have been published in Esquire, McSweeney's, Ploughshares, Fence, and One Story. His short story "Embarazada" was selected for Best American Nonrequired Reading 2014 and his short story "A New Kind of Gravity" was anthologized in both Best New American Voices 2006 and the O.Henry Prize Stories 2007.[citation needed]
PDA Dimensions Inc was an Atlanta-based company that developed software for early PDA handheld devices and smartphones.  They developed the first 3rd party smartphone application, DispatchIt. This was the only 3rd party application for the IBM Simon.[1] The DispatchIt application costs were US$2,999 for the host PC software and US$299 for each Simon software client.
Pakistan Volleyball Federation (PVF) is the national governing body to develop and promote the sport of Volleyball in the Country. The Federation was formed in 1955 and volleyball activities at the national level were taken up in an organized manner. PVF is affiliated with the International Volleyball Federation (FIVB) and Asian Volleyball Confederation (AVC).
In animals, including humans, the startle response is a largely unconscious defensive response to sudden or threatening stimuli, such as sudden noise or sharp movement, and is associated with negative affect.[1] Usually the onset of the startle response is a startle reflex reaction. The startle reflex is a brainstem reflectory reaction (reflex) that serves to protect vulnerable parts, such as the back of the neck (whole-body startle) and the eyes (eyeblink) and facilitates escape from sudden stimuli. It is found across many different species, throughout all stages of life. A variety of responses may occur depending on the affected individual's emotional state,[2] body posture,[3] preparation for execution of a motor task,[4] or other activities.[5] The startle response is implicated in the formation of specific phobias.[citation needed]
Akron Summit Assault was an American soccer team based in Akron, Ohio, United States. Founded in 2010, they played their only season in the USL Premier Development League (PDL), the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid, in the Great Lakes Division of the Central Conference.
The Children's Home of Pittsburgh, established in 1893, is an independent non-profit organization in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The organization's mission is "to promote the health and well-being of infants and children through services which establish and strengthen the family,"[1] including adoption,[2] day care and pediatric health care.
Altay is a breed of domesticated sheep originating in the dry, cold mountain basins of China.  This breed belongs to the fat-rumped carpet wool type of sheep and the Kazakh group.[1]  Although the Altay grows wool, it is raised primarily for the meat.[2]
The relationship between Palestine and Cyprus is characterized by close friendship and political alliance.[1] Both countries were previously British colonies.[2] Cyprus recognized the State of Palestine immediately after its declaration in 1988.[3][4] Palestine has an embassy in Nicosia and Cyprus has a representative office in Ramallah. In January 2011, the Cypriot government reaffirmed its recognition of the Palestinian State in 1988, and added that it would not recognise any changes to the pre-1967 borders.[5]
Handesh also known as Guror Handesh in Bangladesh is a sweet and puffy deep-fried cake which also be eaten as a snack.[1] It is a deep-fried molasses and rice flour cake. It is very popular at the time of the Eid.[2] In the earlier days, like other Pithas, this delicacy used to be made from rice threshed by the unmotorized Dheki.[3]  It can be eaten with tea as a snack.[4] It is also famous on special occasions such as naming ceremonies and wedding festivities.[5] In Assam, India Its called Tel Pitha.
ZED.TO[1] was an alternate reality game run in Toronto in 2012. Players assumed roles as interns and employees in a fictional and futuristic biotechnology corporation called ByoLogyc,[2] and experienced the company's rise and disastrous fall first-hand through social media, online videos and websites, and live-action immersive theatrical events.
Dave Berg (born in Portland, Oregon) is an American country music songwriter. His credits include the Number One country hits "If You're Going Through Hell (Before the Devil Even Knows)" and "These Are My People" by Rodney Atkins, "Somebody" by Reba McEntire, and "Moments" by Emerson Drive, as well as Top 10 country hits "Stupid Boy" by Keith Urban, "Don't Make Me" by Blake Shelton, "What Kinda Gone" by Chris Cagle, and "It's Good to Be Us" by Bucky Covington. Berg has also co-written songs for a wide array of artists such as Jewel, Carrie Underwood, Kenny Chesney, Jimmy Buffett, Darius Rucker, Meat Loaf, Tim Armstrong (of the punk band Rancid), Sarah Buxton, Ty Herndon, and others including the 2013 single "Better" by Maggie Rose. Dave Berg's songs are represented by Downtown Music Publishing.
The 2007 Karjala Tournament took place from November 8-11, 2007. Five games were played in Finland and one was played in Sweden. Russia won the tournament before Sweden and the Czech Republic. The tournament was part of the 2007-08 Euro Hockey Tour.
IQ imbalance is a performance-limiting issue in the design of a class of radio receivers known as direct conversion receivers.[a] These translate the received radio frequency (RF, or pass-band) signal directly from the carrier frequency to baseband using a single mixing stage.[b]
Assessment culture is a subset of organizational culture[1] defined by the values, beliefs, and assumptions held by its members. In higher education, a positive assessment culture is characterized by trusting relationships, data-informed decision-making, a respect for the profession of teaching, and an internally-driven thirst for discovery about student learning.[2][3] Positive assessment culture generally connotes the existence of conditions for collaboration among practitioners, reward structures, professional development opportunities for faculty and staff,[4] student involvement, and a shared commitment among leaders to making institutional improvements that are sustainable.[5][6][7]
Pageton is a census-designated place (CDP) in McDowell County, West Virginia, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 187.[2] Pageton is located on the Tug Fork Branch of the Norfolk and Western Railway, along the Pocahontas seam of rich bituminous coal. Pageton is located on State Route 161 between Thorpe and Anawalt.
The Best of James Blish is a collection of science fiction short stories by American author James Blish, edited by Robert A. W. Lowndes. It was first published in paperback by Del Rey/Ballantine in August 1979 as a volume in its Classic Library of Science Fiction.[1]
Upper motor neurons (UMNs) is a term introduced by William Gowers in 1886. They are found in the cerebral cortex and brainstem and carry information down to activate interneurons and lower motor neurons, which in turn directly signal muscles to contract or relax. UMNs in the cerebral cortex are the main source of voluntary movement. 
The Curtiss Model R was a utility aircraft produced for the United States Army and Navy during World War I. It was a conventional, two-bay biplane with slightly staggered wings of unequal span. The aircraft was provided with two open cockpits in tandem and fixed tailskid undercarriage, but many were built for the Navy with twin floats replacing the wheels. During the course of the war, Model Rs were used for general liaison and communication duties, as well for observation, training, and as air ambulances. In practice, the Curtiss powerplants supplied with these aircraft proved insufficient and were mostly replaced with Liberty engines. The Navy's Model R-3 floatplane had extended-span, three-bay wings, and was intended for use as a torpedo bomber. Some of these were later fitted with wheeled undercarriage and transferred to the Army as bombers under the designation Model R-9.
The Lumbwa Treaty event took place on 13th October 1889,[1] in Lumbwa (Kipkelion town today,) in Kericho between the Kipsigis led by Menya Araap Kisiara and the British East Africa administration.[1] It was based on a cultural practice of oath taking in Kipsigis called Mummek or Mummiat or Mumma. Mumma means "to do something impossibly disgusting". It involves two parties taking an oath and invoking a preemptive curse if the oath is to be broken by any party taking the oath. There usually would also be a performance of black magic[2]; and on this particular event a coyote was savored in two halves with each party burying its part and making the oath never to harm each other in any way. 
Ledcor Group of Companies is an employee-owned, diversified, and vertically-integrated construction company operating primarily in Canada and United States. Ledcor operates in a wide range of industries including the construction of buildings and civil infrastructure, technical services such as communication networks, forestry, mining, property development and management, transportation, marine operations, and several energy projects including oil, gas, and Liquefied Natural Gas.
Jonathan Gaffney was President and CEO of the National Aeronautic Association. He was named President on July 9, 2007.[1] Gaffney is credited with leading a NAA from near-default in 2007 to 7 consecutive years of operational profit (2008-2015).[2][3]  He announced his resignation on June 4, 2016, and departed on September 30, 2016.[4]
Gary Theroux is an American radio personality, author, actor, educator, producer, scriptwriter, and musicologist. He wrote and co-produced the Billboard award-winning 52-hour 1978 edition of The History of Rock and Roll rockumentary. Theroux also spent 20 years as the Music & Entertainment Editor of Reader's Digest.  He currently researches, writes and produces the two hour weekly series version of The History of Rock and Roll which he hosts with Wink Martindale and is syndicated by G Networks and Radio Express.
The New Birth Brass Band was formed by the trumpeter and vocalist James Andrews.  The intent was a renewal of New Orleans brass band tradition. As Andrews said, "The old cats used to play a lot of sacred dirges and church hymns and traditional standards, and we just got a new spin with our own music and a new beat."[1]
Operation Shady RAT is an ongoing series of cyber attacks starting in mid-2006[1] reported by Dmitri Alperovitch, Vice President of Threat Research at Internet security company McAfee in August 2011, who also led and named the Night Dragon Operation and Operation Aurora cyberespionage intrusion investigations.[2] The attacks have hit at least 71 organizations, including defense contractors, businesses worldwide, the  United Nations, and the International Olympic Committee.[3][4]
Jennifer Han (born June 25, 1983) is an American professional boxer who held the IBF female featherweight title from 2015 to 2020, and was the first world champion boxer from El Paso, Texas. As of July 2021, she is ranked as the world's sixth best active female lightweight by BoxRec.[2]
Mata Hari, Agent H21 (Italian:Mata-Hari, agente segreto H21) is a 1964 French-Italian spy film directed by Jean-Louis Richard and starring Jeanne Moreau, Jean-Louis Trintignant and Claude Rich.[2] It portrays the activities of the First World War spy Mata Hari. Costumes by Pierre Cardin.
Harischandra Mills PLC is a food processing company in Sri Lanka. The company was founded by C. A. Harischandra in 1943. Harischandra Mills pioneered the employee provident by setting up a fund in 1952, six years prior to the national Employees' Provident Fund. Harischandra Mills was incorporated in 1953 and was listed on the Colombo Stock Exchange in 1983. In the family's third generation, the company is still a family-managed business. The Harischandra brand is a household name and one of the 100 most valuable brands in Sri Lanka in 2022. The import ban on some agricultural products imposed by the government affected the company and the company had to respond with a drastic cut back of production.
Wachtmeister (Wm; German for 'master-sentinel' or 'watch-master') is a military rank of non-commissioned officers (NCO) in Austria and Switzerland. The Wachtmeister was initially responsible for the guard duty of the army. Later, it became the Feldwebel equivalent NCO-grade of the cavalry and artillery. Besides Austria and Switzerland today, the rank was also used elsewhere, for example in Germany, Russia, and Poland (wachmistrz).
Russ Wyatt is a politician in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.  He represented Transcona on the Winnipeg City Council from 2002 to 2018, and is the incumbent. And at times he served as a member of the city's executive policy committee.  His father, Reg Wyatt, was a councillor from 1983 to 1986.
Premium (Premium Saltine Crackers) is a brand of soda cracker produced by Nabisco.  It is known as Premium Plus (Premium Plus Salted Tops) in Canada, under the Christie (formerly, Mr. Christie) banner. In the United States it is marketed as "Original Premium."[1]
The Howlin' Brothers are a Nashville-based old-time country blues/string band consisting of singer/songwriters Ian Craft (fiddle, mandolin, banjo, and kick-drum), Jared Green (guitar, harmonica, and piano), and Dan Swan (upright bass). They were described by  AllMusic as "an Americana string band, but a reconfigured 21st century version, incorporating rock, pop, gospel, jazz, R&B, Dixieland, country blues, and who knows what else into the mix."[1][2]
In algebraic geometry, an irreducible algebraic set or irreducible variety is an algebraic set that cannot be written as the union of two proper algebraic subsets. An irreducible component is an algebraic subset that is irreducible and maximal (for set inclusion) for this property. For example, the set of solutions of the equation xy = 0 is not irreducible, and its irreducible components are the two lines of equations x = 0 and y =0.
An epigenome consists of a record of the chemical changes to the DNA and histone proteins of an organism; these changes can be passed down to an organism's offspring via transgenerational stranded epigenetic inheritance. Changes to the epigenome can result in changes to the structure of chromatin and changes to the function of the genome.[1]
Dark Universe is a 1993 horror/science-fiction film starring Blake Pickett, Cherie Scott, Bently Title, John Maynard, Paul Austin Saunders, Patrick Moran, Tom Ferguson, Steve Barkett, and Joe Estevez as Rod Kendrick. The soundtrack was composed by Jeffrey Walton. The film was written by Moran, executive-produced by Fred Olen Ray, Grant Austin Waldman, and Jim Wynorski, and directed by Steve Latshaw.
The Federal Farm Board was established by the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1929 from the Federal Farm Loan Board established by the Federal Farm Loan Act of 1916, with a revolving fund of half a billion dollars[1] to stabilize prices and to promote the sale of agricultural products. The board would help farmers stabilize prices by buying and holding surplus grain and cotton in storage. The Farm Board was part of Herbert Hoover's response to the downward spiral of crop prices in the years leading up to the Great Depression.
Officinal drugs, plants and herbs are those which are sold in a chemist or druggist shop. Officinal medical preparations of such drugs are made in accordance with the prescriptions authorized by a pharmacopoeia. Officinal is not related to the word official. The classical Latin officina meant a workshop, manufactory, laboratory, and in medieval Latin was applied to a general storeroom. It thus became applied to a shop where goods were sold rather than a place where things were made.[1] Whereas official descends from officium, meaning office, as in duty or position.
The Marlin Marlins were a minor league baseball team based in Marlin, Texas in 1916 and 1917. Succeeded by the Marlin Bathers in 1923, Marlin teams played as members of the Class D level Central Texas League in 1916 to 1917 and Texas Association from 1923 to 1925, hosting home games at Marlin City Park.
Located on 150 acres on Cedar Lake in Chester, Connecticut, Camp Hazen YMCA  provides positive youth camping experiences for over 1500 boys and girls each year from throughout the state. Group camping includes over 6000 participants annually. Camp Hazen YMCA  serves youth from throughout Connecticut, New England and many states around the country.  Each summer, Camp Hazen YMCA is also home to campers and counselors from more than 25 different countries. Campers come from all socio-economic backgrounds, and range in age from 5 to 18. Over 800 campers were provided with financial assistance in 2009. These funds, over $205,000, were provided through the generosity of individuals, foundations, businesses and service clubs.
In British archaeology a watching brief is a method of preserving archaeological remains by record in the face of development threat.[1] [2] An archaeologist is employed by the developer to monitor the excavation of foundation and service trenches, landscaping and any other intrusive work. The developer undertakes to give the archaeologist sufficient time to identify and record any archaeological finds and features; however, the arrangement is rarely satisfactory for either party.
The SD Association (SDA) is an American nonprofit organization that sets standards for the SD memory card format. SanDisk, Panasonic (Matsushita) and Toshiba formed the SD Association in January 2000.[1] In 2010, the SDA had approximately 1,000 member companies involved in the design and development of SD standards. Thousands of device models and hundreds of products across dozens of product categories integrate the small, removable memory cards.[2]
An S-type star (or just S star) is a cool giant with approximately equal quantities of carbon and oxygen in its atmosphere.  The class was originally defined in 1922 by Paul Merrill for stars with unusual absorption lines and molecular bands now known to be due to s-process elements.  The bands of zirconium monoxide (ZrO) are a defining feature of the S stars.
Advocates for Children in Therapy (ACT) is a U.S. advocacy group founded by Jean Mercer and opposed to attachment therapy and related treatments. The organization opposes a number of psychotherapeutic techniques which are potentially or actually harmful to the children who undergo them. The group's mission is to provide advocacy by "raising general public awareness of the dangers and cruelty" of practices related to attachment therapy. According to the group, "ACT works to mobilize parents, professionals, private and governmental regulators, prosecutors, juries, and legislators to end the physical torture and emotional abuse that is Attachment Therapy."[1]
Mani Martin is a Rwandan singer, songwriter, actor and performing artist. He has won numerous awards. His unique musical sound that reflects the Afro-fusion, urban and traditional sounds has received National & international attention hence being described by "Rwanda Spectrum Magazine" as one of the best live music performing artists of the Rwandan music scene. Mani  sings in Kinyarwanda, Kiswahili, English and French.[1][2]
The forerunners of newspapers in China took the form of government bulletins such as the Peking Gazette. Newspapers as known in the West were first published in China in the early 19th century. Some were in the English language rather than Chinese, and many were allied with Christian missionary endeavours.
Oued Ksob is a river in western Morocco that discharges to the Atlantic Ocean on a broad beach slightly south of the city of Essaouira[1] and slightly north of the village of Diabat. The mouth of the river along with the nearby Iles Purpuraires is known for sighting of the rare species Eleonora's falcon.[2] To the south of the Ksob mouth is a ruined watchtower known as the Bordj El Berod.
The Best Singers, created and owned by FTV Rights B.V., is a reality television series that has been broadcast under various names in a number of European countries. The original format is produced in the Netherlands by FTV Productions B.V. and broadcast on NPO1 by public broadcaster AVROTROS (formerly AVRO and TROS. The two broadcasters merged in 2013). The series was originally called De beste zangers van Nederland (meaning The Best Singers of the Netherlands), now it is called Beste Zangers (Best Singers). The format has been applied under various names in various countries.
Monkeyman and O'Brien is an American comic book series created by artist Art Adams in 1993. The series was published from 1993 to 1999 by Dark Horse Comics in various types of installments including short features in anthologies, backup stories in other series, a three issue limited series, a two issue crossover series and a comic strip in the promotional newspaper Dark Horse Extra. In 1997, a trade paperback collection of the five comic issues was published.
Lendico was a multinational company, operating a peer-to-peer lending platform. It was taken over by Dutch bank ING Groep in early 2018 and now operates as a subsidiary.[1] The international online marketplace for business and consumer lending[2] was founded in December 2013[3] by the incubator and venture capitalist, Rocket Internet.[4] After launching in Germany, the company expanded into Spain, Poland, Austria, South Africa, the Netherlands[5] and Brazil.[6] Using the crowdfunding model, the company based in Berlin, Germany,[7] directly connects investors and private and business borrowers. Lendico is led by Friedrich Hubel and co-founder Clemens Paschke.[8] Currently, Lendico Brazil still exists but is an independent company from Lendico Global Services.
Abarelix, sold under the brand name Plenaxis, is an injectable gonadotropin-releasing hormone antagonist (GnRH antagonist) which is marketed in Germany and the Netherlands. It is primarily used in oncology to reduce the amount of testosterone made in patients with advanced symptomatic prostate cancer for which no other treatment options are available.[2][3]
The Taipei Metro C381 is the fifth and the latest generation of heavy-capacity electric multiple units on the Taipei Metro in Taipei, Taiwan. They are designed to increase the capacity of the expanded network with the opening of the Xinyi and Songshan lines.
Bil Lepp is an American storyteller and a five-time winner of the West Virginia State Liars' Contest.  He performs at storytelling festivals around the nation and is a regular performer at the National Storytelling Festival in Jonesborough, Tennessee.
Ibrahim Taiwo (died 13 February 1976) was a Military Governor of Kwara State from July 1975 to February 1976 during the military regime of General Murtala Mohammed.[1]
He assisted in establishment of the University of Ilorin, which was founded by decree August, 1975.[2]
The 2022 Team Long Track World Championship also called the Long Track of Nations was the 14th annual FIM Team Long Track World Championship. The final took place on 26 May 2022 in Herxheim, Germany.[1][2] The 2020 and 2021 events had been cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Ninja Five-O, known in the PAL region as Ninja Cop, is an action platform video game developed by Hudson Soft and published by Konami. It was released for the Game Boy Advance in North America and Europe in April 2003. Players take the role of Joe Osugi, a ninja who must stop a terrorist group influenced by mystical masks. It was first announced at "Konami Gamers' Day" in early 2003.
Brad Meltzer's Decoded (or simply Decoded) was an American investigation  television series focused on historical mysteries and alleged conspiracy theories, produced by Go Go Luckey and Berman/Braun, that premiered December 2, 2010, on the History channel.[1] The series is hosted by Brad Meltzer, an author of political thriller novels and non-fiction works, and follows a team of investigators who try to determine the meanings behind various symbolism, alleged secret codes and conspiracies that surround us every day. History Decoded, a book by Meltzer that was inspired by the show, was published in October 2013.
The AVE Mizar (named after the star Mizar) was a roadable aircraft built between 1971 and 1973 by Advanced Vehicle Engineers (AVE) of Van Nuys, Los Angeles, California. The company was started by Henry Smolinski and Harold Blake, both graduates of Northrop Institute of Technology's aeronautical engineering school.[1]
"Dream Girl" is a song recorded by Canadian country artist Eric Ethridge.[1] The track was co-written by Dan Smyers and Shay Mooney of Dan + Shay, with Jennifer Schott and Will Weatherly.[2] The song was the lead single off Ethridge's debut studio album Good with Me.[3]
Anna Lidia Vega Serova (born 1968) is a Cuban writer.[1] She was born in Leningrad, USSR. A versatile writer, she has published more than a dozen books in multiple genres including novels, short story collections, poetry collections and children's books.
Gikondo Prison or Kigali City Prison is a prison in Kigali, Rwanda.
It was built in the 1930s, was only intended originally to house a few thousand inmates. Following the Rwandan genocide, the numbers increased to above 50,000 as a large proportion of the inmates were genocidaires. Those who were brought to the Gacaca courts to undergo trial for war crimes stayed at the prison.
The Clemson University Tiger Band serves as the Marching Band, Color Guard, Tiger Dancers and Tiger Twirlers of Clemson University. The marching band component of the band is made up of wind instruments, percussion, and auxiliary units, including the piccolo, clarinet, alto saxophone, tenor saxophone, trumpet, horn, trombone, baritone, and sousaphone.[1] To the thousands of fans, it is known as the Tiger Band, or better yet the "band that shakes the Southland".[2]  Composed of over 300 members, Tiger Band's mission is to provide inspiring spirit and entertainment to not only the university, but beyond.[2]
In physics, a pregeometry is a structure from which the geometry of the universe develops. Some cosmological models feature a pregeometric universe before the Big Bang. The term was championed by John Archibald Wheeler in the 1960s and 1970s as a possible route to a theory of quantum gravity. Since quantum mechanics allowed a metric to fluctuate, it was argued that the merging of gravity with quantum mechanics required a set of more fundamental rules regarding connectivity that were independent of topology and dimensionality. Where geometry could describe the properties of a known surface, the physics of a hypothetical region with predefined properties, "pregeometry" might allow one to work with deeper underlying rules of physics that were not so strongly dependent on simplified classical assumptions about the properties of space.
Superconducting steel is a concept in materials science, referring to the idea of a steel alloy that would behave as a superconductor. The term has appeared primarily in discussions of designs of imagined devices involving nuclear fusion[1] or processes with still higher densities of power.
Policy & Internet is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization. The journal was established in 2009 and its editor-in-chief is Jonathon Hutchinson with Managing Editor, Milica Stilinovic both from University of Sydney. The journal focuses on the effects of the Internet on public policy, including the ethical implications of new technologies such as social networking, platforms, and algorithms.
Oberon Old and New or Oberon Past and Present is a book containing a new libretto written by Anthony Burgess in 1985 for Carl Maria von Weber's last opera Oberon (1826). The libretto was commissioned by Scottish Opera, and first used in Glasgow on 23 October 1985, in a performance conducted by Sir Alexander Gibson and directed by Graham Vick, with production design by Russell Craig.[1]
Panipahan is a small town near Bagansiapiapi, Riau Province, Indonesia, 35 Miles northwest from Bagansiapiapi. Panipahan can be reached from Bagansiapiapi (1.5 hours by boat) and from Tanjung Balai Asahan (2.5 hours by boat)
Almost half of its area is on the sea.  There is a big festival on 24th of 10th month in the Chinese Lunar calendar. Motorcycles are the main transportation in Panipahan, cars are rare. There are small hotels.
 School Without Walls High School (SWW) is a small public magnet high school in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood of Washington, D.C. It is colloquially referred to by students and faculty as "Walls." The school is based on a concept in urban education that encourages students to "use the city as a classroom," which is the origin of its name.[4]
"Marine One" is the season finale of the first season of the TV series Homeland.  It originally aired on Showtime on December 18, 2011.  The extended 85-minute episode sees the culmination of Abu Nazir's terrorist plot at the Vice President's summit, while Carrie Mathison's downward spiral continues.
Operation 7 is the name given to a successful attempt to smuggle fourteen Jews from Germany into Switzerland using false papers in August and September 1942. The operation was devised by Abwehr members Hans von Dohnanyi and Wilhelm Canaris, and carried out with the support of Dohnanyi's brother-in-law Dietrich Bonhoeffer, who arranged visas and sponsors for the Jews.[1] Originally, the plan included only seven Jews, but this was later increased to fourteen.[2] The operation, which involved removing the Jews from deportation lists, making them agents of Abwehr and persuading Swiss officials to accept them, took over a year to plan and execute.[2]
"Lost in This Moment" is a song written by John Rich, Keith Anderson and Rodney Clawson, and recorded by American country music duo Big & Rich.  It was released in February 2007 as the first single from their album Between Raising Hell and Amazing Grace.  The single became their first and only Number One hit on the Billboard country charts in July 2007. Prior to its release, the duo's highest-charting single was "Save a Horse (Ride a Cowboy)", which reached #11.
The Mammoth Book of Golden Age Science Fiction: Short Novels of the 1940s is a themed anthology of science fiction short works edited by Isaac Asimov, Martin H. Greenberg, and Charles G. Waugh, the second in a series of six samplers of the field from the 1930s through the 1980s. It was first published in trade paperback by Robinson in 1989, and reissued in 2007. The first American edition was published in hardcover and trade paperback by Carroll & Graf, also in 1989; a second trade paperback edition appeared in 2007. In 1991 Galahad Books issued two hardcover editions under the variant titles Great Tales of the Golden Age of Science Fiction and Science Fiction: Classic Stories from the Golden Age of Science Fiction; under the latter title it reissued the book in August 2000, April 2004 and March 2010.[1]
KALX (90.7 FM) is an FM radio station that broadcasts from the University of California, Berkeley in Berkeley, California, United States. KALX, a community and student-run radio station licensed to the university, broadcasts in stereo with 500 watts of power. The station employs three full-time paid staff members, but is largely run by its nearly 300 volunteers, including Berkeley students and other members of the local community.  The station's studios are located at Social Sciences Building on campus.
If You Could See Inside Me is an American Hip-hop music album, and it is the fifth and final studio album by A Lighter Shade of Brown. It was released on August 10, 1999 through Associated Records. Production was handled by One Dope Mexican,Julio G, Tony G and DTTX. It features guest appearances from A.L.T., Jay Tee, Kid Frost and Steve Wilcox.
Kelly Jemison is an American academic geologist specializing in Antarctic diatoms. She studied at Florida State University, participated in the ANDRILL (Antarctic Geological Drilling) Project,[1][2][3] and in 2011 was awarded the Antarctica Service Medal.[4] She currently works as a Geologist for Bureau of Ocean Energy Management in Anchorage, Alaska.[5]
Inga Lake is a freshwater lake located in north-eastern British Columbia.  It is located between Fort Nelson and Fort St. John on the Alaska Highway.  It is at mile 91 of the Alaska Highway, and features a maintained free campsite.  Outhouses, and large camping spots are featured as well as quad, and dirt bike trails.  It is a popular fishing destination, which is stocked annually with Rainbow trout. A spawning channel project has been underway at Inga since 1997. The purpose of the channel is educational in nature and to prevent diploid (2N) rainbows from becoming spawnbound. Suckers are far and away the most abundant fish in this lake. It is not the easiest spot to find, as only a small green sign indicates its whereabouts.
The National Mutual Royal Bank (NMRB) was an Australian bank. Founded in February 1986 by National Mutual and the Royal Bank of Canada, it opened with 45 former National Mutual Permanent Building Society branches.[1][2] In 1986 it took over the United Permanent Building Society.[3] After only four years in existence, The NMRB was sold in March 1990 to the Australia & New Zealand Banking Group, more commonly known as the ANZ Bank. [4][5]
The 1989 European Junior Badminton Championships was the 11th tournament of the European Junior Badminton Championships. It was held in Manchester, England, from 26 March to 1st of April.[1] Danish players won all the individual titles and mixed team championships as well.[2][3][4]
Forever.com is a digital archive and internet storage startup company for photographs, documents, videos, and audio files. Founded in May 2012 by Glen Meakem, the company is headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
King of Prussia Town Center is a lifestyle center in the census-designated place of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania,[2] in Upper Merion Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania. The center is just west of the King of Prussia mall.
Jabula (isiZulu: "rejoice") was a musical ensemble of South African musicians exiled in England during the Apartheid era,[1] led by Julian Bahula.[2]
Muhammad Rafli Mursalim (born 5 March 1999) is an Indonesian professional footballer who last plays as a striker for Liga 2 club Gresik United.
The Organization of the Oppressed on Earth is a group that claimed responsibility for kidnappings, bombings, and executions in Lebanon in the 1980s. It was considered a precursor to, or another name for, Islamic Jihad and Hezbollah.
The Removers is a spy novel by Donald Hamilton first published in 1961. It was the third novel featuring Hamilton's creation, counter-agent and assassin Matt Helm.
Montecristo Trifinio National Park is a national park in Honduras. It was established on 1 January 1987 and covers an area of 54 square kilometres.[1]
"They All Laughed" is a song composed by George Gershwin, with lyrics by Ira Gershwin, written for the 1937 film Shall We Dance where it was introduced by Ginger Rogers as part of a song and dance routine with Fred Astaire.
Pigmy Deposit Scheme is a monetary deposit scheme introduced by Syndicate Bank, India .
Rosso corsa is the red international motor racing colour of cars entered by teams from Italy.[2]
James Horncastle is an English sportswriter and a broadcaster. Specialising in European[1] and Italian football, Horncastle frequently covers football for BT Sport.[2]
Finley is an Italian rock band formed in Legnano, Lombardy, Italy in 2002.[1]
Kouni is a village in the Bassar in the Kara Region  of north-western Togo.[1]
Christian Gudegast (born February 9, 1970) is an American writer and filmmaker.
DeQuincy is the northernmost city in Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 3,235 at the 2010 census.[2] DeQuincy is part of the Lake Charles metropolitan statistical area.
The 2013 Tipperary Senior Hurling Championship was the 123rd staging of the Tipperary Senior Hurling Championship since its establishment in 1887. The championship began on 15 June 2013 and ended on 13 October 2013.
Cassa di Risparmio del Veneto S.p.A., known as CR Veneto, was an Italian savings bank, headquartered in Padua, Veneto (Italian: Padova). It was a subsidiary of Intesa Sanpaolo.
Christian Jose Nsi Amougou (born 8 June 1989) is a professional footballer from Cameroon.
The Lyford House is a Victorian house located in Tiburon, California. Built in 1876, the house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Thangman Kangri is one of highest peak in the remote Rimo Muztagh, a subrange of the Karakoram range in Ladakh union territory of India.
Portrait of Leslie W. Miller is a 1901 painting by Thomas Eakins, Goodrich catalogue #348. It is in the permanent collection of the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
The Hammer / Palmer Mansion is a historic mansion at 3654-3656 S. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Drive in the Bronzeville section of Chicago.
The women's rugby sevens tournament at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games were held from 7 to 8 December 2019 in the Philippines. 6 Southeast Asian teams played in the women's competition.
S.R. Lavin (Sholom Lavin) is a poet who was born in Springfield, Massachusetts on April 2, 1945. Lavin's work has been published in the U.S., England, Poland, China, The Netherlands, Japan and Israel. 
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Clonard (English, Irish Gaelic? Cluain Iraird ) was a medieval diocese (originally abbey nullius) in Ireland until its 1202 suppression, which became a modern Latin Catholic titular see.
Asilika Sevutia (born 15 July 1988) is a Fijian netball player and current vice captain of the Fiji national team who plays in the positions of center, wing attack or wing defense.[1][2]
Rob Heyland (born 2 April 1954) is an Anglo-Irish screenwriter, actor and landscape designer.
Gordon Jones (born July 25, 1957) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for five seasons for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Los Angeles Rams.
The Davis Diamond is a softball facility and stadium in College Station, Texas. It is home to Texas A&M Aggies softball.2008 Emperor's Cup Final was the 88th final of the Emperor's Cup competition. The final was played at National Stadium in Tokyo on January 1, 2009. Gamba Osaka won the championship.[1]
This is a list of newspapers in the U.S. state of Oregon. The list is divided between papers currently being produced and those produced in the past and subsequently terminated.
Rich Woodland Jr. (born August 5, 1970) is an American former stock car racing driver. He competed in the NASCAR Winston West Series in the mid 1990s, and also made two starts in NASCAR's premier Winston Cup Series.
Congaree is a private golf course in the eastern United States, located in South Carolina in Jasper County outside of Ridgeland in unincorporated Gillisonville.
Liga Veneta Serenissima (Most Serene Venetian League, LVS) was a Venetist political party active in Veneto.
The Receiver General of Jamaica was the public official in Jamaica responsible for receiving and disbursing money of the Government of Jamaica.[1]
The Massachusett Tribe at Ponkapoag is a cultural heritage group that claims descendancy from the Massachusett people, an Indigenous people of the Northeastern Woodlands.[1]
Suoy is an endangered Pearic language of CamboSamir Labidi (born 1962) is a Tunisian politician. He is the former Communications Minister.[1][2] Prior to this, he was the Minister of Youth, Sports, and Physical Education.[3]
"Shine" is the title track and only single released from American singer Cyndi Lauper's eighth album Shine.
A Regimentarz (from Latin: regimentum) was a military commander in Poland, since the 16th century, of an army group or a substitute of  a Hetman. He was nominated by the King of Poland or the Sejm.
Jennie Worrell (1850 - August 11, 1899)  was a burlesque actress of the 19th century from Cincinnati, Ohio.  She was the youngest of three Worrell sisters who appeared in Broadway productions from 1867 to 1872.
Last Days of the Maya, released to DVD under the title Royal Maya Massacre, is a 2005 television documentary film in the television series Explorer, which currently airs on the National Geographic Channel.
Lucas Matthew Beech (born January 20, 1972) is a professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball with the Philadelphia Phillies from 1996 to 1998.
Nine Flags is an album by Cuban composer-arranger Chico O'Farrill featuring performances recorded in 1966 for the Impulse! label.[1]
Professor Tarantoga (full name: Astral Sternu Tarantoga), an eccentric xenozoologist, traveller, and inventor, is a fictional character from science fiction works, mostly humorous, by Polish writer Stanislaw Lem.[1][2]
The Mayfield Downtown Commercial District is a historic district in Mayfield, Kentucky which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.  The listing was increased in 1996.[1]
Alexandra Duah (died 2000) was a Ghanaian veteran actress who contributed to the growth of the Ghanaian movie industry.[1][2]
Cristina Nardozzi is an American model, actress, television personality, and beauty pageant titleholder who has competed in the Miss USA 2005 pageant but Unplaced.
Reece Limited is a publicly-listed Australian company, and the country's largest supplier of plumbing and bathroom supplies.[1]
Igre bez pravila (trans. Games without rules) is the sixth studio album by Serbian heavy metal band Kraljevski Apartman, released in 2012.
Guy Emory Benjamin (born June 27, 1955) is a former American football quarterback who played six seasons in the  National Football League (NFL).
Francis James Hurst  was an Irish Anglican priest in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries:[1] he was Archdeacon of Clogher from 1903 until 1906.[2]
1-Naphthyl isothiocyanate is a chemical compound which is an isothiocyanate derivative of naphthalene. It can be produced by the reaction of 1-Naphthyl thiourea and chlorobenzene.[2]
LaC TV is an Italian regional television channel of Calabria based in the city of Vibo Valentia . It transmits a light entertainment program: movies, news and weather bulletins, film and sports on LCN 19.
The 1985 San Francisco 49ers season was the franchise's 36th season in the National Football League and their 40th overall. 
Hille Sarapuu (since 1970 Bachmann; born 12 December 1937) is an Estonian speed skater, cyclist and motorcycle rider.[1]
Jining Qufu Airport (IATA: JNG, ICAO: ZSJG) is an airport serving the cities of Jining and Qufu, the hometown of Confucius, in Shandong Province, China. The airport is located 25 kilometers west of downtown Jining.
A Brief History of the Future is a speculative futurology book about the next 50 years by Jacques Attali. The original edition was published by Fayard in 2006.[1]
AFP-675 (Air Force Program-675) was a Space Shuttle experiment package that was carried into orbit on Discovery as part of STS-39.
Taint Pluribus Taint Unum is the debut studio album by the Minneapolis-based noise rock band Cows, released in 1987 through Treehouse Records.[2]
Tom Swift and His Photo Telephone, or, The Picture That Saved A Fortune, is Volume 17 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.
Songs of Moors and Misty Fields (1997) is the second album by the German band Empyrium.
"Revolution Earth" is the fourth single released by the B-52's from their 1992 album Good Stuff.
Nicholas James Kobasew[1] (born April 17, 1982) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey right winger who played eleven seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL).
Didine Djouhary (born 8 February 1999) is a French professional footballer.[1]
The Pennsylvania Auto Show is an annual auto show held in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania at the Pennsylvania Farm Show Complex & Expo Center.
Innocent Sagahutu (born 30 May 1962)[1] is a former Rwandan soldier, who is chiefly known for his role in the Rwandan genocide.
AdventHealth Lake Wales, formerly Lake Wales Medical Center, is a non-profit hospital in Lake Wales, Florida. It was formerly owned by health care provider Community Health Systems but is now owned by AdventHealth.  
Geist: The Sin-Eaters is a tabletop roleplaying game and setting for White Wolf Game Studio's World of Darkness line released in August 2009. In the setting, a Geist is a spirit bound to a once-dead human resulting in a Sin-Eater.
The Central Missouri Activities Conference, or CMAC, is a high school athletic conference comprising large-size high schools located in central Missouri. The conference members are located in Boone, Cole, and Pettis counties.
Roller sports competitions at the 2011 Pan American Games in Guadalajara  were held from October 23 to October 27 at the Pan American Skating Track.[1]
Lincoln Preparatory School is a charter school in Grambling, Louisiana, USA.
The New York Bank Note Company was an engraver of stock certificates in New York City.
The year 1923 in architecture involved some significant architectural events and new buildings.
Surrency is a town in Appling County, Georgia, United States. The population was 201 at the 2010 census.[4]
The 35th edition of the World Allround Speed Skating Championships for Women took place on 23 and 24 February in Heerenveen at the Thialf ice rink.
Alluvial (foaled 1969 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred broodmare.
Brigitte Broch, born November 21, 1943, is a German-Mexican production designer.
Pavuna is a neighbourhood in the North Zone of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It is one of the oldest  places in Rio de Janeiro.
British Army mess dress is the formal military evening dress worn by British Army officers and senior non-commissioned officers in their respective messes or at other formal occasions.
FC Issyk Kol Karakol is a Kyrgyzstani football club based in Karakol that plays in the top division in Kyrgyzstan, the Kyrgyzstan League. This is their first participation in the top division of Kyrgyzstan football.
Anlo is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election. Anlo is located in the Keta district  of the Volta Region of Ghana.
Al-Rawdhah Club  is a Saudi Arabian football (soccer) team in Al-Jeshah playing at the Saudi Second Division.
The following pages list the power stations in the United Kingdom, by region:
Thoma Kikis is an American film producer, designer and entrepreneur best known for founding KannaLife Sciences.[1] He was also a founder of Ovie Entertainment.
Gayles is an unincorporated community in King George County, Virginia, United States.[1]
The state of Arkansas has a wide variety of freshwater fish species in its rivers, lakes, and streams.
Suzanne Amador Kane is a physicist and Professor of Physics and Astronomy at Haverford College. She is well known for her work utilizing video to understand the behavior of various species of birds.
The Estadi Municipal de Can Misses is a multi-use stadium located in Ibiza, Balearic Islands, Spain. It is currently used for football matches and is the home stadium of UD Ibiza.
Betony Vernon (born August 15, 1968) is an American jewelry designer based in Paris.[1] She produces luxurious erotic jewelry.[2]
Museum District Station is a station on the METRO Red Line in Houston, Texas (USA). It serves the Houston Museum District.
Shibatai railway station  is a station of Jingbao Railway in Inner Mongolia.
The following are the national records in speed skating in Ireland, maintained by Ice Skating Association of Ireland (ISAI).
BK Saldus is a professional basketball club based in Saldus, Latvia playing in the Latvian Basketball League.
Ludesch is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.
CFX Bank, whose full name is CFX Bank Limited, was a commercial bank in Zimbabwe. It was one of the licensed commercial banks in the country.[1]
The qualifying competition for the 1972 CONCACAF Pre-Olympic Tournament determined the four teams for the final tournament.[1]
Horizon High School is a public high school in Phoenix, Arizona in the Paradise Valley Unified School District.
The Rogues Gallery is an accessory for the first edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
The Kuku Buyunji (Kokobujundji), alternatively known as the Kuku Nyungkal or Annan River tribe are an indigenous Australian people of the state of Queensland.
Rosenblad is a Swedish language surname, which mean "rose leaf". Notable people with the surname include:
Our Cancer Year is a nonfiction graphic novel written by Harvey Pekar and Joyce Brabner and illustrated by Frank Stack.
Manuela Pfrunder (born March 25, 1979, in Lucerne, Switzerland) is a Swiss graphic designer. She was chosen by the Swiss National Bank to design the ninth series of Swiss franc banknotes.
307th Infantry Brigade (307 Bde) was a formation of the British Army organised from surplus Royal Artillery (RA) personnel retrained as infantry towards the end of the Second World War.
Mbelala (Belala), or Tombelala, is an Austronesian language of Central Sulawesi, Indonesia.
Eon Products was an American game company that produced board games and game supplements.
A performance supervision system (PSS) is a software system used to improve the performance of a process plant.  Typical process plants include oil refineries, paper mills, and chemical plants.
The global commercial production for human use of fish and other aquatic organisms occurs in two ways: they are either captured wild by commercial fishing or they are cultivated and harvested using aquacultural and farming techniques.
Tribsoft was a Canadian software company that specialized in porting computer games to the Linux platform.
Montauk Chronicles is a 2014 documentary film from filmmaker Christopher P. Garetano. The film covers the alleged happenings in the Montauk Project conspiracy.[1]
This article contains a list of proposed and prototype wave power devices.
EquinoxAir S.A.S, operating as Equair, is an airline headquartered in Quito, Ecuador.
Millwood is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Ware County, Georgia, United States, located west of Waycross. The community is part of the Waycross Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Right Back at Cha is an album containing unreleased material, remixes and live performances of tracks from the debut album by Shai, ...If I Ever Fall in Love.
Nitita is a highly endangered language of Vanuatu, presumably a Malekula Interior language.
"I Feel It" is a song credited to DJ Darren Briais vs DJ Pee Wee Ferris The song was released in 1995 and peaked at number 20 on the Australian singles chart.
Simons' BASIC is an extension to BASIC 2.0 for the Commodore 64 home computer. Written by British programmer David Simons in 1983, who was 16 years old at the time, it was distributed by Commodore as a cartridge.
The 1970 Bucknell Bison football team was an American football team that represented Bucknell University as an independent during the 1970 NCAA College Division football season.
Pansarbandvagn 302 (pbv 302), meaning roughly armoured tracked carrier vehicle 302,[a] was a Swedish high-mobility infantry fighting vehicle (Swedish: pansarskyttefordon) used by the Swedish Army from 1966 to 2014.
Acts of Faith is the 1985 novel written by Rajiva Wijesinha. The book is the first in a trilogy that was followed by Days of Despair in 1987 and concludes with 2005's The Limits of Love.
This article presents official statistics gathered during the COVID-19 pandemic in mainland China.
Publius Furius Philus was a consul in 223 BC, a praetor in 216, and a censor in 214. He died the following year, before resigning his office.
Catch-22 is a satirical play by the American author Joseph Heller, first produced in 1971 and based on his 1961 novel of the same name.
The Northern Cyclones are a junior ice hockey organization playing in the United States Premier Hockey League. The team plays their home games at the Cyclones Arena, located in Hudson, New Hampshire.
Parco Virgiliano (the Park of Remembrance) is a scenic park located on the hill of Posillipo, Naples, Italy.
The Park serves as a green oasis, built on the tufa stone typical to the coast of Posillipo.
Touch N Move is the second extended play by South Korean girl group Sistar. It was released on July 21, 2014, by Starship Entertainment and distributed by LOEN Entertainment. It features the lead single "Touch My Body".
Remi Gribonval from the INRIA, Rennes Cedex, France was named Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2014 for contributions to the theory and applications of sparse signal processing.[1]
Sunset is a town[3] in Crittenden County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 198 at the 2010 census.[4]
The list of shipwrecks in January 1888 includes ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during January 1888.
"Grace" is the first single by former Live lead singer Ed Kowalczyk from his debut solo album Alive, as well as on an autographed Limited Edition CD.
Grumman Gulfstream were a family of aircraft produced by Grumman. The line is continued by Gulfstream Aerospace, now a division of General Dynamics.
This is a list of transactions that have taken place before and during the 2020 BAL season, the inaugural season of the Basketball Africa League (BAL).
The 1954 World Table Tennis Championships men's singles was the 21st edition of the men's singles championship.[1][2]
Tomb KV8, located in the Valley of the Kings, was used for the burial of Pharaoh Merenptah of Ancient Egypt's Nineteenth Dynasty.
The Tuxedo Brass Band, sometimes called the Original Tuxedo Brass Band, was one of the most highly regarded brass bands of New Orleans, Louisiana in the 1910s and 1920s.
Neville Keery (born 5 May 1939) is a writer and activist and has had a career as a journalist, administrative officer, Senator, and Senior European Commission Official.
Destroy All Music is the second album by The Flying Luttenbachers, released in 1995 through ugEXPLODE.[3]
The Ottawa Black Film Festival is an annual film festival in Ottawa, Ontario, which festival programs a selection of African, Caribbean, African American and Black Canadian films.[1]
Gemopatrilat (INN)[1] is an experimental drug that was never marketed.[2]  It acts as a vasopeptidase inhibitor.[3][4] It inhibits both angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) and neutral endopeptidase (neprilysin).[5]
Adams Township is one of the fifteen townships of Seneca County, Ohio, United States.  The 2010 census found 1,320 people in the township.[3]
Un'estate al mare is a 2008 film directed by Carlo Vanzina and Enrico Vanzina.[1]
The Free Confederation of Chadian Workers (CLTT) is a trade union centre in Chad. It was formed in 1991 by members from the dissolved National Confederation of Trade Unions of Chad.
MTV Party To Go volume 4 was the fourth album in the MTV Party To Go series.  The album was certified gold on May 25, 1994 by the RIAA.[2]
"Who Drinks My Beer When I'm Gone" is a single by Canadian country music group Mercey Brothers. The song debuted at number 36 on the RPM Country Tracks chart on March 17, 1969.[1] It peaked at number 1 on June 9, 1969.[2]
Eaves-drip burial refers to the medieval funerary custom in Britain of burying infants and young children next to building foundations in churchyard. Similar practices have begun to be explored in other regions of medieval Europe.[1]
Heaven is the first book in the Casteel series by author V. C. Andrews. It is also the first name of the main character. It was first published on November 1st, 1985, and is one of Andrews most popular works.
The 1953 24 Hours of Le Mans was the 21st Grand Prix of Endurance, and took place on 13 and 14 June 1953, at the Circuit de la Sarthe, Le Mans (France).  It was also the third round of the F.I.A. World Sports Car Championship.[1]
Andilamena District is a district in the Alaotra-Mangoro region in Madagascar. Its capital is Andilamena.
Ticaco District is one of eight districts of the Tarata province in Peru.[1]
Gabriel Muller (born 12 April 1985) is a French cyclist, who currently rides for UCI ProTeam Burgos BH.[2]
Cocksucker Blues is an unreleased documentary film directed by the still photographer Robert Frank chronicling The Rolling Stones American Tour 1972 in support of their album Exile on Main St.
KJOK (102.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Hollis, Oklahoma. The station broadcasts a Classic rock format and is owned by Monte Spearman and Gentry Todd Spearman, through licensee High Plains Radio Network, LLC.[1]
The 2010 Eliteserien promotion/relegation play-offs was the 38th time a spot in the Norwegian top flight was decided by play-off matches between top tier and second-level clubs.
The Service is an essay written in 1840 by Henry David Thoreau.  He submitted it to The Dial for publication, but they declined to print it. It was not published until after Thoreau's death.[1]
Fernando Albert Derveld (born 22 October 1976 in Vlissingen) is a retired Dutch footballer. He played as  left back.
Sea Breeze is an unincorporated community located within Fairfield Township in Cumberland County, New Jersey, United States.[2] It is located on the shores of the Delaware Bay.[3]
Demo Piece is a 2020 Indian Kannada-language comedy drama directed by Vivek A. and starring Bharath Bopanna, Sparsha Rekha (the film's producer) and Sonal Monteiro.[1][2]
Shinji Kazama (born 26 September 1950)[1] is a Japanese motorcyclist who rode to the North and South Poles on motorcycles.[2] He is mentioned in the documentary television series Pole to Pole (1992), presented by Michael Palin.[3][4]
Wettersteinplatz is an U-Bahn station in Munich on the U1. The station is also served by routes  and  of the Munich tramway.[1]
Domus Anatomica was an anatomical theatre which existed from 1644 until 1728 in Copenhagen, Denmark.
The Designated Victim (Italian: La vittima designata, also known as  Slam Out) is a 1971 Italian giallo film directed by Maurizio Lucidi.[1][2][3]
Eagle Ridge Country Estates is an organized hamlet in the Rural Municipality of Corman Park No. 344 near the city of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.  The hamlet consists of 26 estates.[2]
Petrona Morrison (born 1954) is a Jamaican sculptor and media artist.  Her work is largely inspired by African art;[1] she uses found objects in assemblages that have both personal and broader social themes.[2]
The Iowa Women's Hall of Fame was created to acknowledge the accomplishments of female role models associated with the U.S. state of Iowa, and is an endeavor of the Iowa Commission on the Status of Women  (ICSW). 
Wikipedia does not currently have an article on "VfB", but our sister project Wiktionary does:
Tracy Mark Franz (born March 28, 1960) is a former American football guard who played for the San Francisco 49ers in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at San Jose State University.[1][2]
Hovatter is an unincorporated community in Tucker County, West Virginia, United States.
The following are lists of the highest-grossing domestic and international films in Indonesia with gross revenue in Indonesian Rupiah and the number of tickets sold nationwide.
Robert E. Otto (born December 12, 1962) is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys and Houston Oilers. He played college  football at Idaho State University.
"There Ain't No Sanity Clause" is a single by English rock band the Damned, released on 24 November 1980.
Sergey Petrik (born 1 November 1967) is a Russian former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics.[1]
Glaciers is a studio album by American hip hop production duo Blue Sky Black Death.[2] It was released by Fake Four Inc. in 2013.[3] The chopped and screwed version of the album, titled Glaciers Melted, was released in 2014.[4][5]
The Olav Thon Foundation (Norwegian: Olav Thon Stiftelsen) is a Norwegian foundation and as such the biggest in Norway.
Hoberg Township is an inactive township in Lawrence County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.[1]
This article attempts to list of the highest falls survived without a parachute. Some heights are difficult to verify due to lack of documentation and are approximated This is the discography of Ron Browz, an American hip hop record producer.
Rise: The Vieneo Province (abbreviated to Rise) is an MMO space simulator. The game is centered around an exomoon called Vieneo about 225 LY from Earth.
Harcum College is a private associate degree-granting college in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1915 and was the first college in Pennsylvania authorized to grant associate degrees.
Chitravina Narasimhan (born 1941) is a gottuvadhyam player from India.[1] He is the father of  chitravina player N. Ravikiran.
The following is a list of Boston University Terriers men's basketball head coaches. The Terriers have had 25 coaches in their 114-season history.[1]
The following are the national records in athletics in Guam maintained by its national athletics federation: Guam Track and Field Association (GTFA).
Mijo Miletic (born 2 June 1998) is a Bosnian-Herzegovinian footballer who plays for Union Gurten in the Austrian third tier Regionalliga Mitte.[1]
Atwood Oceanics, Inc. was an offshore drilling contractor headquartered in Houston, Texas. In October 2017, the company was acquired by Ensco plc.[1]
Korata is one of the kebeles in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia. It is the location of the former town of Korata.
Seibertsbach is a river of Bavaria, Germany. It flows into the Wondreb near Mitterteich.
Bagtown is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Washington County, Maryland, United States. Its population was 333 as of the 2010 census.[3]
Newswest is a community publication serving a number of communities within Canada's National Capital Region. Newswest is a wholly Canadian publication and not related to the 1980s U.S. newspaper NewsWest, previously owned by Tab Communications.
I'm Going On, is a gospel music album by American contemporary gospel music group Commissioned, released in 1984 on Light Records.
RoKi is a Finnish ice hockey team based at Lappi Areena (capacity 3,500), Rovaniemi.  Established in 1979. Full name of the club is Rovaniemen Kiekko.
The Jeunesse Sportive du Mont Dore is a handball club in New Caledonia. [1]
Slabtown is a census-designated place in Columbia County, Pennsylvania, United States.  It is part of Northeastern Pennsylvania. The population was 156 at the 2010 census.[2] It is part of the Bloomsburg-Berwick micropolitan area.
Cem Felek (born 12 May 1996) is a professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder. Born in Germany, he has represented both Turkey and Azerbaijan at youth level. 
The 2006 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe was a horse race held at Longchamp on Sunday 1 October 2006.[1] It was the 85th running of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
The Bolivian Air Force Museum is an aviation museum located at El Alto International Airport in El Alto, La Paz.
The Old Testament is a greatest-hits album of the group Sunz of Man, released in 2006.
The marbled newt (Triturus marmoratus) is a mainly terrestrial newt native to western Europe. They are found in the Iberian Peninsula and France, where they typically inhabit mountainous areas. 
The list of shipwrecks in December 1847 includes ships sunk, foundered, wrecked, grounded, or otherwise lost during December 1847.
Isla Huivulai ("long neck" in the Mayo language) is a private island located five kilometers off the coast of the Mexican state of Sonora in the Gulf of California.
Shang Ruihua (born 18 November 1944) is a Chinese football coach, who led the China women's national football team on two separate occasions.
Images is an album by Phil Woods that won the Grammy Award for Best Large Jazz Ensemble Album in 1976. Woods recorded the album with an orchestra conducted by Michel Legrand, who won a Grammy for Best Instrumental Composition.[1]
Wild Mouse is a Maurer steel roller coaster currently operating at Lagoon Amusement Park in Farmington, Utah.
Unavailability, in mathematical terms, is the probability that an item will not operate correctly at a given time and under specified conditions. It opposes availability.
Victor Caballero (born August 26, 1960) is a former tennis player from Paraguay, who represented his native country as a lucky loser at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. There he was defeated in the first round by qualifier Zeeshan Ali from India.
Looney Tunes Super Stars' Daffy Duck: Frustrated Fowl is a DVD of 15 new-to-DVD Daffy Duck cartoons that was released on August 10, 2010.[1]
Andrew Snowdon (born 26 September 1965) is an English cricketer. He is a left-handed batsman and right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Cornwall. He was born in Plymouth.
Adel Wgdan Mahmood Al Chadli (born 13 April 2000) is a Yemeni footballer who plays for Ittihad Kalba as a winger.
Color, Materials, Finish (CMF) is an area of industrial design that focuses on the chromatic, tactile and decorative identity of products and environments.[1]
Beauval Forks 192O is an Indian reserve of the English River First Nation in Saskatchewan.[1][2]
Robert Lee (born 28 February 1956) is an Australian sprint canoeist who competed in the early 1980s. At the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, he finished fifth in the K-2,500m event and eighth in the K-4 1,000m event.
Komsilga is a department or commune of Kadiogo Province in central Burkina Faso. The population was 53,255 in 2006.[1]
Joe Knetsch is an American historian and author. In 2019 his book of essays about the history of Tallahassee, Florida and its surroundings was published.[1]
Elstertrebnitz is a municipality in Saxony, lying southwest of Leipzig and northeast of Zeitz.
Pearl City Worship is an Indian Christian music worship group from Hyderabad, Telangana, India, where they started in 2016, after being discovered by Ian Eskelin at Pearl City Church. They have released one studio album, We Won't Be Silent (2016).
Nikoletta Lakos (born December 14, 1978, in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian chess woman grandmaster. She is a three-time Hungarian Chess Championship winner, having taken the title in 1997, 2002 and 2005.[1]
2C-TFM is a psychedelic phenethylamine of the 2C family.  It was first synthesized in the laboratory of David E. Nichols.  It has also been called 2C-CF3, a name derived from the Para-trifluoromethyl group it contains.
DEFCAD, Inc. is an American startup that has created a search engine and web portal for designers and hobbyists to find and develop 3D printable and other CAD models online.
Atwater Place is a skyscraper in Portland, Oregon's South Waterfront district, in the United States.[1]
The Hutchings Homestead, also known as the Cannon Ball House, is located in Springfield, Union County, New Jersey, United States. The homestead was built in 1741 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 16, 1977.
The Toronto Courthouse is a major courthouse in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, located behind Osgoode Hall at 361 University Avenue, north of Queen Street West. It is a branch of the Ontario Superior Court of Justice and is used for criminal trials.[1]
Danny Reuther (born 22 June 1988 in Eisenberg) is a German footballer who plays for BSG Chemie Kahla.[2]
Urban Decay is a 2007 horror film directed by Harry Basil and starring Dean Cain.[1]
Trinidad is a city in Henderson County, Texas, United States, near the Trinity River from which the town's name was derived. The population was 860 at the 2020 census,[4] down from 886 at the 2010 census.
Women have historically played minor roles as farm owners in agriculture in the United Kingdom,[1] but the number who own or lease farms is rising rapidly in the 21st century; by 2013 there were 25,000.[2]
Matthew Prentice (born 23 September 1980) is a New Zealand former professional tennis player.
The British Under-19 Championship is an annual motorcycle speedway competition open to British national speedway riders aged nineteen years and under at the start of each year.[1] In 2011, it was replaced the British Under-18 Championship.[2]
Robert Alan Lees (born June 2, 1959 in Fort Gordon, Georgia) is a retired Korea Baseball Organization infielder.
WPFP (980 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a variety hits format. Licensed to Park Falls, Wisconsin, United States, the station is currently owned by The Marks Group through licensee Park Falls Community Broadcasting Corporation.[1]
The 2007 Falken Tasmania Challenge is the thirteenth round of the 2007 V8 Supercar season. It was held on the weekend of the 16 to 18 November at Symmons Plains Raceway in Tasmania. 
Enoque Vicente Paes (born 11 December 1982), known as Paes, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
Guido Pulidori (born 23 March 1997) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Livorno, as a goalkeeper.[2]
Giuliano Losacco (born March 17, 1977) is a Brazilian racing driver.[1][2] He is the 2004 and 2005 Stock Car Brasil champion.
Everything You Want is a 2005 romantic-comedy television film on ABC Family starring Shiri Appleby and Nick Zano.[1]
Lake West is a neighborhood in West Dallas, Texas, United States. Its boundaries are Canada Drive to the north, the Union Pacific Railroad tracks to the south, Hampton Road on the east, and Westmoreland Road on the west.
Walter Nickell "Nick" Sousanis is an American scholar, art critic, and cartoonist; a co-founder of the TheDetroiter.com, he is also the first person at Columbia University to write a dissertation entirely in a comic book format.[1][2]
Geeking Out is an American  late night talk show comedy television series co-hosted by Kevin Smith and Greg Grunberg. It premiered on AMC on July 24, 2016, during San Diego Comic-Con International.
Llavares[1] is a parish in Santo Adriano, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain. 
A sacred garden is a religiously influenced garden, often found on temple grounds.
Antonio Comi (born 26 July 1964) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a central midfielder and the current general manager of Torino.
In mathematics, zero dynamics is known as the concept of evaluating the effect of zero on systems.[1]
Camp Asaka is a base of the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force. It lies in four municipalities: Nerima, Tokyo; Asaka, Saitama; Wako, Saitama; and Niiza, Saitama. It serves as the headquarters of the Eastern Army.
Blondie Hits the Jackpot is a 1949 American comedy film directed by Edward Bernds and starring Penny Singleton, Arthur Lake, Larry Simms, and Marjorie Ann Mutchie. It is the 26th of the 28 Blondie films.
The Essential Fantasy Earth is a supplement published by Zody Games in 1996 for the fantasy role-playing game Fantasy Earth.
U.S.A. for M.O.D. is the debut full-length studio album from American crossover thrash band, M.O.D.[3] It was released in 1987 on Megaforce Records. In 1988, the band subsequently released the EP, Surfin' M.O.D..
The Hartford Symphony Orchestra (HSO) is an American orchestra based in Hartford, Connecticut.
Georges Chapouthier (born 27 March 1945 in Libourne) is a French neuroscientist and philosopher.
Majenta is a studio album by American electronic musician Jimmy Edgar, released in 2012 on Hotflush Recordings. It met with a mixed reception, with Resident Advisor writing that it "quite possibly represents Edgar's most full-blooded work yet."[4]
Novo Panicharevo is a village in Primorsko Municipality, in Burgas Province, in southeastern Bulgaria.[1]
Compatil is a large typeface family designed for interchangeable fonts while maintaining identical document metrics.
Beyond the Core: Expand Your Market Without Abandoning Your Roots  is a non-fiction book by American business consultant Chris Zook. This is the second book in his Profit from the Core trilogy, followed by Unstoppable released in 2007.[1][2]
The urban campus of University of Colombo is located in Colombo, Sri Lanka, primarily situated around Cinnamon Gardens.
Verne Q. Powell Flutes Inc. is a producer of professional flutes and piccolos since 1927.  The company produces handmade musical instruments in wood, silver, platinum, and gold.
Home Sweet Home is a Windows game developed by Big Blue Bubble that was also released for WiiWare on October 24, 2008 in Europe,[1] and on November 3, 2008 in North America.[2] It has been described as a "home decorating sim".[3]
Willard is an unincorporated community and coal town in Carter County, Kentucky, United States.
Diego Bianchi (born 1969 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentinian visual artist. He lives and works in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
The following is a list of NCAA Division I baseball career and single-season home run leaders.
TVP Dokument is a Polish TVP station, which primarily focuses on presenting documentaries and movies. It started broadcasting on 19 November 2020.[1] It is broadcast only in HD via cable and satellite, as well as DVB-T2/HEVC test transmissions.[2]
Albert Johnson was a state legislator in Mississippi. He represented Warren County, Mississippi in the Mississippi House of Representatives in 1870 and 1871.[1]
Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Sioux City is a casino hotel in Sioux City, Iowa. It is owned and operated by Churchill Downs, Inc.
Lyn Mary Swinburne AO (born 6 June 1952) is a prominent women's advocate, inspirational speaker and founder of Breast Cancer Network Australia (BCNA).
The 1924 Hessian state election was held on 7 December 1924 to elect the 70 members of the Landtag of Hesse.[1]
An ultop is a traditional toy, made from bamboo and  common in the Batak Highland of northern Sumatra, Indonesia. Children often make this toy.
Hickory Township is a township in Pennington County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 83 at the 2000 census.
Arukaino Umukoro is a Nigerian Journalist notable for winning the CNN/MultiChoice Africa Journalist Award in the year 2015.[1][2]
Pin the tail on the donkey is a game played by groups of children. The earliest version listed in a catalog of American games compiled by the American Game Collectors Association in 1998, is dated 1899, and attributed to Charles Zimmerling.[1]
Mihai Nechita-Burculet (born 5 February 1949, Sarca, Romania) is a Romanian painter.
Dinotopia: The Timestone Pirates is a platform based video game for Nintendo Game Boy Advance, developed by RFX Interactive and published by TDK Mediactive.  It is set in James Gurney's Dinotopia.
The 1989 Heinz Southern 500, the 40th running of the event, was a NASCAR Winston Cup Series race held on September 3, 1989 at Darlington Raceway in Darlington, South Carolina.
The international tournament organised by Netanya Chess Club started in 1961. The most famous competition took place in 1968 when Robert James Fischer won (scoring 11.5/13) ahead of Daniel Yanofsky and Moshe Czerniak.[1]
The Divide County Courthouse in Crosby, North Dakota was built in 1917.[2]  It was designed by architects Buechner & Orth in Beaux Arts style.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.[1]
WKKI (94.3 FM) is a radio station  broadcasting an active rock format. Licensed to Celina, Ohio, United States, the station serves the Lima area.  The station is currently owned by The Sonshine Communications Corporation.[1]
Regina Seiden (4 July 1897- 11 January 1991), also known as Regina Seiden Goldberg was a Jewish Canadian painter who was an early member of the Beaver Hall Group.[1][2] She was primarily interested in painting figurative work and portraits.
A powder horn is a container for gunpowder, and was generally created from cow, ox or buffalo horn. The term may also be used for any personal container for gunpowder, although powder flask is the strictly correct term.
HIL Sector Blues is a 1986 role-playing game supplement for Paranoia published by West End Games.
A bent-over row (or barbell row) is a weight training exercise that targets a variety of back muscles.[1] Which ones are targeted varies on form. The bent over row is often used for both bodybuilding and powerlifting.[2]
Song Man Lei (born 1966)  is a Macanese judge. She is the first female judge to sit on Macau's highest appellate court, the Court of Final Appeal.  
RV Mirai is a Japanese oceanographic research vessel. She was originally built as the nuclear-powered general cargo ship Mutsu,[5] but never carried commercial cargo.[6]
BullionByPost is a British online bullion dealer based in Birmingham, which delivers gold and silver bars and coins to customers through the post.[1] It is the UK's biggest online gold dealer.
The Children of the Wind is a novel by Geraldine Harris published in 1982.
The Autonomous Orthodox Metropolia of North and South America and the British Isles is a True Orthodox denomination.
Elwood Murray (1897-1988) was an American administrator and scientist in the field of speech communications and general semantics.
Florissimo is an international flower show held in the city of Dijon, France. It features exhibits from French and non-French cities, botanical gardens, agricultural schools, and private corporations.
The South Branch Rahway River flows north north through Woodbridge Township, New Jersey before entering the Rahway River in Rahway, New Jersey, 4.5 miles from the Arthur Kill. Its source is the Roosevelt Park lake in Edison, New Jersey.[1]
This article contains the results of the Tipperary county hurling team in the Championship during the 1980s.[1]
Compatil is a large typeface family designed for interchangeable fonts while maintaining identical document metrics.
Lithuania has sent four entries to the Junior Eurovision Song Contest, first entering at the 2007 Contest in Rotterdam.
Arne Gabius (born 22 March 1981 in Hamburg) is a German long distance runner. He is the current men's German national record holder in the marathon with his time of 2 hours 08 minutes and 33 seconds.[1]
Marilla is a hamlet in the town of Marilla in Erie County, New York, United States.[1]
The Nippon Professional Baseball Rookie of the Year Award is given to one player in each league of Central League and Pacific League.
Soy molasses is brown viscous syrup with a typical bittersweet flavor. A by-product of aqueous alcohol soy protein concentrate production, soy molasses is a concentrated, desolventized, aqueous alcohol extract of defatted soybean flakes.
Ansger (fl. 1086) of Montacute was one of the Devon Domesday Book tenants-in-chief of King William the Conqueror.
Brian de Graft (born 21 September 1988), better known by the name B.D. Graft,[1] is a German visual artist living and working in Amsterdam, The Netherlands.
Robyn Sarah (born 1949, in New York City) is a Canadian poet and short story writer.[1]
Walker-Hackensack-Akeley School District is a public school district in Cass County, Minnesota, United States, based in Walker, Minnesota.
Esso Motor Hotel was a Swedish subsidiary of the American oil company Esso, for running hotels in Europe.
Romano-tv (previously Manne-tv)[1] is a twelve-episode sketch-show based on common stereotypes and misconceptions the Finns have of the domestic Romani minority. It ran from June 2 to August 18, 2007 on Yle.
Southern Maine Community College is a public community college in South Portland, Maine.  It is part of the Maine Community College System.
Mary Mattatall (born April 22, 1960, in Halifax, Nova Scotia) is a Canadian curler and coach[1] from Dartmouth, Nova Scotia.
An election was held to Swale Borough Council in England as part of the United Kingdom local elections on 7 May 2015.[1] All 47 seats were up for election under new ward boundaries.
Bungsberg (originally named Eva, factory body number 646) was a cargo ship built in 1924 at Howaldtswerke in Hamburg, Germany, for China Reederei AG. She had three sister ships:
The Mundanes were an early-1980s Rhode Island-based new wave band with six members: John Andrews, Marsha Armitage, Jonathan Gregg, Dean Lozow, and Kevin Tooley, and John Linnell.[1]
Goldmeister is a German duo that combines music from the 1920s with hip hop from the 1990s.[1][2]
Kathleen Sgambati is a former Democratic member of the New Hampshire Senate, representing the 4th District between 2006 through 2010.
Matthew 15:1 is a verse in the fifteenth chapter of the Gospel of Matthew in the New Testament.
Tamilology, a subset of the larger field of Dravidian studies, denotes study of the Tamil language, Tamil literature and the culture of the Tamil people
Imeglimin (brand name Twymeeg) is an oral anti-diabetic medication.[1][2]  It was approved for use in Japan in June 2021.[3]
Ghai is a surname that is found among the Khatri community of India.[1] They are a part of Khukhrain sub-caste among the Khatris which also includes the clans of Anand, Bhasin, Chadha, Kohli, Ghai, Sahni (Sawhney), Sethi and Suri.[1]
"Takeover" is a track recorded by Jay-Z for his 2001 album The Blueprint. The song is a diss track aimed at rappers Nas and Prodigy of Mobb Deep.
The Clutts House is a historic residence in the city of Wellston in Jackson County, Ohio, United States.  Built in 1902,[1] it was constructed as the home of Joseph Clutts, a leading member of Wellston society and industry.[2]
The Silence Sellers is a 1917 American silent drama film, directed by Burton King. It stars Olga Petrova, Mahlon Hamilton, and Wyndham Standing, and was released on September 24, 1917.
Avao is a village on the north central coast of Savai'i island in Samoa. The village is part of the electoral constituency (Faipule District)of  Gaga'emauga 2,[1] which is included in the larger political district of Gaga'emauga.
This Country in the Morning was a nationally broadcast Canadian radio program, which aired on CBC Radio from 1971 to June 27, 1975. Peter Gzowski was the host from 1971 to 1974.
Tugce Ergul is the founder of Angel Labs, the world's first investor accelerator.[1] She educates potential investors around the world about angel investing.
Aleksei Polyakov (born December 16th, 1985) is a Russian handball player for Zarya Kaspiya and the Russian national team.[2]
A13 Highway is a busy road in Zimbabwe running from Enterprise Road, Harare to Shamva, Madziwa Mine and through to Gora Turn-off on the A11 Highway towards Wimbo Shrine, Mt Darwin.[1]
DAU is a multidisciplinary project at the intersection of cinema, art, and anthropology, which had its premiere in Paris in early 2019.
Cynthiana is a census-designated place in northwestern Perry Township, Pike County, Ohio, United States.[1] Cynthiana no longer has a post office and the mailing address has been changed to Bainbridge, OH 45612. It lies along State Route 41.
Robert Ritchie was a Hong Kong racecar driver who won the Macau Grand Prix in 1955. At the time of his win, he was a sergeant in the Royal Air Force.[1]
Salvatore Macchia (born 1947) is an American composer of contemporary classical music.
Pueblo Nuevo District is one of the fourteen districts of the Ica Province in Peru.
Crux is an online newspaper that focuses on news related to the Catholic Church.  From September 2014 until March 2016, it was owned by The Boston Globe.  Since April 2016, it has been independently owned.
The Ottilien or Watam-Awar-Gamay languages languages are a small family of clearly related languages, 
Dr. Gaius Baltar is a fictional character in the TV series Battlestar Galactica played by James Callis, a reimagining of Count Baltar from the 1978 Battlestar Galactica series.[1] He is one of the show's primary characters.
The William Ravenel House is an historic house in Charleston, South Carolina, United States.
James Kinnear WS FRSE (1810-1849) was a Scottish lawyer. His legal title was Master Extraordinary in Chancery and Commissioner of English Affairs.[1]
The 139th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Northeastern Pennsylvania and has been represented since 2023 by Joseph Adams.
James Brown Arena (formerly known as Augusta-Richmond County Civic Center) is a multi-purpose complex located in Augusta, Georgia. It is managed by Spectra Experiences.
The rosters for the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship tournament in Nigeria includes the names of all players.
The Critical Path Project (stylized CRITICAL///PATH) is a video archive of interviews with video game designers and developers.[1]
Nic Fanciulli (born August 25, 1979, in Kenya) is an electronic music artist, DJ[1][2] and label owner.[3]
Lucky Summer Lady is the debut studio album by the Japanese jazz fusion group T-Square, who were then known as The Square. It was released on September 21, 1978.[1]
Oluf A. Saugestad (January 19, 1840 - December 17, 1926) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.[1]
2010: Kalinka andHava Nagila
2011: Tango Amore
2012: Shine On You Crazy Diamond
The following television stations operate on virtual channel 24 in the United States:[1]
The Wheel of Love and Other Stories is the third short story collection by Joyce Carol Oates. It was published in 1970 by  Vanguard Press.[1][2]
Ashley Christina Hartman (born August 31, 1985) is an American actress, singer, and television presenter.
Graham is a census-designated place (CDP) located in Muhlenberg County, Kentucky, United States.
Stratford High School is a public high school located in Stratford, Wisconsin. It serves grades 9 through 12, and is the only high school in the Stratford School District.
Differences in pronunciation between American English (AmE) and British English (BrE) can be divided into
Llanishen Methodist Church, also known as Century Chapel, is a listed place of worship in Llanishen, a suburb of Cardiff in Wales.
This article contains a list of well-known Mexicans in science, publication, arts, politics and sports.
Atormentada, is a Mexican telenovela produced by Televisa and originally transmitted by Telesistema Mexicano.[1]
Brian L. Gardiner (born 18 August 1955) was a member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1988 to 1993. His background included publishing, administration and management.
Pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase (also pyruvate dehydrogenase complex kinase, PDC kinase, or PDK; EC 2.7.11.2) is a kinase enzyme which acts to inactivate the enzyme pyruvate dehydrogenase  by phosphorylating it using ATP.
The Armoury (German: Zeughaus) in Innsbruck, Austria, is a former military arsenal that is now a museum. It lies in the Innsbruck quarter of Dreiheiligen. 
Hsu Chih-ling (born 1 September 1975) is a Taiwanese taekwondo practitioner.
Asbury is an unincorporated community in Stokes County, North Carolina, United States.
Soldier in the Rain is a 1963 American comedy buddy film directed by Ralph Nelson and starring Jackie Gleason and Steve McQueen. Tuesday Weld portrays Gleason's character's romantic partner.
Canada was the host of the 1976 Summer Paralympics in Toronto. Its athletes finished sixth in the overall medal count.[1]
The Miles City Waterworks Building and Pumping Plant Park is a National Registered Historic Place located in Miles City, Montana. It served as waterworks for Miles City from 1911 to 1974, and was added to the Register on September 26, 1979.[2]
The Very Best of Barry Manilow is a compilation album released by singer and songwriter Barry Manilow in 2005 for sale at Hallmark stores.[1]
The Pitt Poetry Series, published by the University of Pittsburgh Press  in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA, is one of the largest and best known lists of contemporary American poetry.
Maria Mutch is a Canadian writer, whose memoir Know the Night: A Memoir of Survival in the Small Hours was a shortlisted nominee for the Governor General's Award for English-language non-fiction at the 2014 Governor General's Awards.[1]
Bobby Espinosa (April 29, 1949-February 27, 2010) was an influential and important part of the Latin rock scene in Los Angeles from the late 1960s to the 2000s. He was a founding member of El Chicano.
Biyom is a Rai Coast language spoken in Madang Province, Papua New Guinea. It has 650 speakers.
Gianluca Marchetti (born June 18, 1993) is an Italian professional basketball player who currently plays the point guard position for Basket Barcellona of the A2 Gold Basket Series.
Conversations with Inanimate Objects is the debut album by American comedian Gary Gulman, released on New Wave Entertainment in 2005. The album was reissued on New Wave Dynamics in 2013.
Clue: Parker Brothers' Classic Detective Game is a North American-exclusive video game published for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System and Sega Genesis video game consoles. It is based on the popular board game of the same name.
The Philistines Jr. is an American rock band from Connecticut. Active since 1990, the group has released four studio albums, the most recent being 2019's Help!.
North Norwich is a town in Chenango County, New York, United States. The population was 1,783 at the 2010 census.[3] The town is directly north of the City of Norwich in the eastern half of the county.
Quill Lakes was a constituency of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan.
The 364th Rifle Division was an infantry division of the Red Army during World War II.
Ordo Militia Templi is the first studio album by the Italian Black ambient/Gothic rock band Militia Christi.
The Linguists' Club was a language club located in London, which operated between 1932 and 1971.[1][2]
Comix 2000 was an international one-shot independent comic book published in 1999 by L'Association (France) and distributed in the United States by Fantagraphics Books.
Luciano Reinaldo Rezende (born 5 August 1978) is a Brazilian Paralympic archer and Parapan American Games gold medalist.
Stefanos Polyzoides (born February 16, 1946, in Athens, Greece) is an architect and urban planner based in Pasadena, California. He received his undergraduate and master's degrees in architecture and urban planning from Princeton University.
The 2013 E3 Harelbeke was the 56th running of the E3 Harelbeke single-day cycling race. It was held on 22 March 2013, over a distance of 211 kilometres (131.1 miles) and was the sixth race of the 2013 UCI World Tour season.
Tim Hancock (born 20 April 1972) is an English cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler.
Emily Camille Kokal (born September 30, 1980) is an American musician from Chico, California. She is best known as the singer and guitarist of the indie rock band Warpaint. Kokal is one of the founding members of the band.[1][2]
The 44th District of the Iowa House of Representatives in the state of Iowa.[1]
"Embracing The Winds" is the seventh episode of the Star Trek fan series Star Trek Continues, which sought to emulate and continue the original Star Trek series. It first aired on 3 September 2016.
Chantilly porcelain is French soft-paste porcelain produced between 1730 and 1800 by the manufactory of Chantilly in Oise, France.  The wares are usually divided into three periods, 1730-51, 1751-1760, and a gradual decline from 1760 to 1800.
Hawaii High: Mystery of the Tiki is a 1994 girl-themed video game developed by Sanctuary Woods.
Antonei Benjamin Csoka, Ph.D. is a biogerontologist at Howard University who works on the molecular biology of aging, regenerative medicine, and epigenetics.[1][2][3]
Bing Crosby Sings the Great Country Hits is a long-playing vinyl album of country and western themed songs recorded by Bing Crosby for Capitol Records on October 29 and 31, 1963.[1]
Julio Peralta and Horacio Zeballos were the defending champions but chose not to defend their title.
Ellerport Airport (ICAO: WN54) is a privately owned airport in Newman Lake, Washington.[2] It is situated on five acres of land.
South Fork is a statutory town in Rio Grande County, Colorado, United States. It lies at the confluence of the South Fork and Rio Grande rivers. The population was 386 at the 2010 census.
Dean Marsh (born 3 December 1963) is an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Shropshire. He was born in Bedworth, Warwickshire and educated at Ash Green School, Exhall.[1]
Dale Weiler (born February 1, 1985) is an American former professional soccer player who played as a midfielder and forward.[2]
NGC 4479 is a barred lenticular galaxy located about 60 million light-years away[2] in the constellation of Coma Berenices.[3] NGC 4479 was discovered by astronomer William Herschel on April 8, 1784.[4] It is a member of the Virgo Cluster.[5]
Samuel Smith (died 23 March 1808) was an English priest and schoolmaster who became Headmaster of Westminster School in the 18th century.
Roller sports competitions at the 2019 Pan American Games in Lima, Peru are scheduled to be held at the Polideportivo 3 (artistic), and Pista de Patinaje (speed skating).[1]
Amon Gordon (born October 13, 1981) is a former American football defensive end of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the fourth round of the 2004 NFL Draft. He played college football at Stanford.
Below are select minor league players and the rosters of the minor league affiliates of the Minnesota Twins:
M01 is a Ukraine international highway (M-highway) that stretches from the state capital, Kyiv, to the northern border with Belarus.[1]
In category theory, a finitely generated object is the quotient of a free object over a finite set, in the sense that it is the target of a regular epimorphism from a free object that is free on a finite set.[1]
The Oslo Commitments were five international-scope goals agreed upon on May 12, 2010, by the Government of Norway and the UNDP, at a meeting in Geneva, Switzerland.
Tim Brinkman (born 22 March 1997) is a Dutch footballer who plays for GVVV.
R. M. Fink (also known as Rita M. Fink) is an American screenwriter best known as one of the creators of Dirty Harry.[1]
Sveti Kuzam is a village located between Bakar and Rijeka in Primorje-Gorski Kotar County, Croatia. The village is administered as a part of the City of Rijeka.
Plagal Grind is a 12" EP by New Zealand band Plagal Grind, released in 1990.[2] Containing members of This Kind of Punishment and The 3Ds, along with Alastair Galbraith, the band was considered a supergroup.[3]
 Anoushka Schut-Welkzijn  (born February 6, 1969 in Delft) is a Dutch politician. As a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie) she was an MP between September 20, 2012 and March 23, 2017.[1]
Hurrah! Another Year, Surely This One Will Be Better Than the Last; The Inexorable March of Progress Will Lead Us All to Happiness is the 2004 EP by post-rock band Youthmovie Soundtrack Strategies.[1][2]
Lonquimay (La Pampa) is a village and rural locality (municipality) in La Pampa Province in Argentina.[1]
Gerard Artigas (born 10 January 1995) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for V.League 1 club Nam Dinh.
Rain is a 2006 film directed by Craig DiBona.[1]  The screenplay was written by Andrew Neiderman, based on the novel by V. C. Andrews.[2]  It premiered at the Palm Beach International Film Festival.[3]
Hermann Niebuhr is a South African artist who lives in De Rust.  He utilizes oils on canvas in a classical painterly style to document urban decay as well as rural landscapes.
Camouflage wz. 89 Puma was the successor of the Wz. 68 Moro pattern in  the Polish Armed Forces. Puma was first produced in 1989, and was replaced in 1993 by Wz. 93 Pantera.[citation needed]
Below is a list of currently available tablet PCs grouped by their width, depth, height, screen size, and appropriate tablet case sizes.
Lake Osceola is a man-made, freshwater lake located at the center of the University of Miami campus in Coral Gables, Florida.[1]
The Iglesia de San Pedro Claver is a church located in Cartagena de Indias, in Colombia. This church and its convent are located in the Plaza de San Pedro Claver.
Dale J. Van Harlingen (born July 22, 1950) is an American condensed matter physicist.
"The Way of the World" is a short story by Willa Cather. It was first published in Home Monthly in April 1898.[1]
The Bayer designations c Puppis and C Puppis are distinct and refer to two different stars in the constellation Puppus:
Pociello is a locality located in the municipality of Capella, Aragon, in Huesca province, Aragon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 12.[2]
Victor Hugo de Medeiros da Silva (born 30 June 1991), known as Victor Hugo, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder.
The Badger-Gopher Conference was a short-lived college athletics conference composed of member schools located in the states of Minnesota and Wisconsin. The league existed from 1958 to 1962.[1]
The Tykocin Synagogue is a historic synagogue building in Tykocin, Poland.[1] The synagogue, in mannerist-early Baroque style, was built in 1642.[2]
Its phylogenetically closest relatives are found among the peoples of Japan, Central Asia, and the Andaman Islands in the Bay of Bengal. It is more distantly related to the Haplogroup D*, whose sub-clades are common throughout Asia.
Inventory bounce is a term used in economics to describe an economy's bounce back to normal GDP levels after a recession. It is also sometimes called Inventory bounce-back.[1]
Spinach 1 is a 1973 album composed, produced and performed by Giorgio Moroder and Michael Holm under the moniker "Spinach".
Charles D. Rosen (born January 16, 1937, in Long Beach, New York; died February 22, 2007, in Costa Mesa, California) was an American metallurgical engineer and friction stir welding expert.
Chantel S. Jackson (born October 1, 1983) an American politician and social worker serving as a member of the New York State Assembly from the 79th district. Elected in November 2020, Jackson assumed office on January 1, 2021.[1]
Carlos Guillermo Haydon Otamendi (born March 25, 1976) is a Venezuelan actor and model known for his role in telenovelas.[1] He is the nephew[2] of Marcel Granier, CEO and Chairman of RCTV.
Wilmot is an unincorporated community in Washington Township, Noble County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.[2]
Suwon Central Baptist Church is an Evangelical Christian Baptist megachurch located in Suwon, South Korea, affiliated with the Korea Baptist Convention. At present, the senior pastor is Myung Jin Ko.
Frank Cignetti Field at George P. Miller Stadium is a stadium located on the campus of Indiana University of Pennsylvania in Indiana, Pennsylvania. It is the home field for the IUP Crimson Hawks football, field hockey, and track & field teams.
Lincoln Township is a civil township of Arenac County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 942 at the 2010 census.[3]  The city of Standish borders the township on the northeast but is administered autonomously.
DeathDrome is a 1996 third-person shooter game developed by Zipper Interactive and published by Viacom New Media. It was the first game to be developed by Zipper Interactive.[1]
Lawrence J. Block (born March 15, 1951) is a former judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims who was confirmed on October 2, 2002. He retired on January 8, 2016.
Rgaje is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 26 people.[1]
Emily's Sassy Lime (a palindrome) was an American punk rock group from Southern California. The group was formed in 1993 by three Asian American teenagers: sisters Wendy Yao and Amy Yao, and their friend Emily Ryan. 
Fright Night is a video game published by British software company, Microdeal, for the Amiga. It is based on the American horror comedy movie Fright Night.
Emily Kau'i Zuttermeister (March 8, 1909 - 1994)[1] is Hula Master who was recognized as a Living Treasure of Hawaii by the Honpa Hongwanji Mission,[2] and a recipient of a National Heritage Fellowship in 1984.[3]
The Furman Street Line was a street railway line in Brooklyn, New York City, United States, running along Furman Street from Cobble Hill to Fulton Ferry.
Jerrilyn Farmer is an American mystery fiction writer, author of a series of humorous 'cozy' mysteries featuring Hollywood caterer 'Madeline Bean'.[2][3]
Paul Joseph Dennis Hodgson (born April 14, 1960) is a Canadian-born former Major League Baseball outfielder.
Yemenite deaf-blind hypopigmentation syndrome is a condition caused by a mutation on the SRY-related HMG-box gene 10[2] (not SOX10).[3]
Jimmy Dean Foods is a food company that was founded in 1969 by country singer and actor Jimmy Dean. It was purchased by Sara Lee, which then divested as part of a unit known as Hillshire Brands, which was later purchased by Tyson Foods.
This article contains a list of all matches to be played during the 2020 Super Rugby regular season.
The Christian Heritage Party of Canada ran 53 candidates in the 1997 federal election, none of whom were elected.
Walter Paul Khotso Makhulu CMG (born Johannesburg 1935) is an emeritus South African-born Anglican archbishop of Central Africa.[1]
Ijeoma Akunyili (also known as Ije Akunyili) is a Nigerian American medical practitioner.
Black Diamond: The Story of the Negro Baseball Leagues is a 1994 book by Patricia McKissack and Fredrick McKissack, Jr. It tells the history African-American and Latin American involvement with baseball in the United States.
WIFX is a Hot Adult Contemporary formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Jenkins, Kentucky, serving Southeastern Kentucky and Southwestern Virginia.[1] WIFX is owned and operated by Gearhart Communications.[2]
Raya is a fictional character who serves as the main protagonist in Walt Disney Animation Studios' 59th animated feature film Raya and the Last Dragon (2021). Created by screenwriter Adele Lim, she is voiced by American actress Kelly Marie Tran.[1]
USS SC-43, until July 1920 known as USS Submarine Chaser No. 43 or USS S.C. 43, was an SC-1-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I.
Irish Mist is the fourth of the Nuala Anne McGrail series of mystery novels by Roman Catholic priest and author Father Andrew M. Greeley.
Quick Reaction Alert (QRA) is state of readiness and modus operandi of air defence maintained at all hours of the day by NATO air forces. The United States usually refers to Quick Reaction Alert as 'Airspace Control Alert'.
Kottonmouth Kings is the eponymous sixth studio album by American hip hop group Kottonmouth Kings. It was released on May 31, 2005 via Suburban Noize Records. The album is also known as "No. 7" because of it being the seventh release overall.
NCAA March Madness 99 is the 1998 installment in the NCAA March Madness series. Former North Carolina player Antawn Jamison is featured on the cover.
White Deer Township is a township in Union County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 4,331 at the 2020 census.[2]
Petaling Jaya Selatan was a federal constituency in Selangor, Malaysia, that was represented in the Dewan Rakyat from 1995 to 2018.
Lacy J. Dalton (born Jill Lynne Byrem; October 13, 1946)[1] is an American country music singer and songwriter. She is known for her gritty, powerful vocals, which People Magazine likened to a country equivalent of Bonnie Raitt.[2]
The Heartbroken is a Canadian indie rock band based in Toronto, Ontario.  The band consists of Damhnait Doyle, Blake Manning, Stuart Cameron and Peter Fusco.
 Jakob Herendler  was a politician of the early 18th century in Slovenia, when the country was under the Holy Roman Empire. He became mayor of Ljubljana in 1716.[1] He was succeeded by Florijan von Grafflieiden in 1720.
The Yamaha SDR200 is a 200 cc single-cylinder two-stroke motorcycle. It was manufactured and sold from around 1986 to 1987. Although it was intended for the Japanese home market only, a few examples have escaped as grey imports.
Radio Espace is a French local radio station created in the mid-1990s, broadcasting mainly in and around the city of Lyon. The station is owned by the Espace Group.[1]
Do-Can is the fourth album by Masami Okui, released on September 23, 1998.
David Edmund Turin (born 8 September 1965), known as Emit Bloch, is an American songwriter and musician.
Matt Furstenburg (born June 19, 1989)[1] is a former American football tight end. He played college football at the University of Maryland. He signed as an undrafted free agent with the Baltimore Ravens in 2014.
Funk You! is an album by organist Don Patterson recorded in 1968 and released on the Prestige label.[1]
Pocket litter is material, including notes scribbled on scraps of paper, that accumulates in an individual's pockets. It can include identity cards, transportation tickets, personal photographs, computer files and similar material.[1]
Pronger Bros. Ranch Airport (FAA LID: 3E7) is a privately owned, public use airport located eight nautical miles (15 km) southwest of the central business district of Stratford, in Sherman County, Texas, United States.[1][2]
The 73rd District of the Iowa House of Representatives in the state of Iowa.[1]
For Love is Anuhea Jenkins' second album. It was released on February 12, 2012.
Benghazi Military University Academy is a military academy in Benghazi in Libya.
Melville is an unincorporated community in Logan County, West Virginia, United States. The community of Melville was established in 1967.[2]
Without Evidence is a 1996 thriller film directed and co-written by Gill Dennis in his first and last film he directed.[1] It stars Scott Plank, Anna Gunn, Angelina Jolie, Paul Perri, and Andrew Prine. It was co-written by Dennis and Phil Stanford.
The Obinitsa Church of Transfiguration of Our Lord is a church belonging to the Estonian Apostolic Orthodox Church in Obinitsa, Estonia.
Strongly interacting massive particles (SIMPs) are hypothetical particles that interact strongly between themselves and weakly with ordinary matter, but could form the inferred dark matter despite this.[1][2][3]
20x20 (pronounced twenty by twenty) was a two-year initiative to champion girls and women in sport which launched in October 2018 in Ireland.[1][2][3]
Henno is both a surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Colonia Ortiz de Ocampo is a municipality and village in La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina.[1]
A scoring knife or scoring tool is a handheld tool used to cut a groove in a sheet of material. The cutting edge of the knife is often made of hard material such tungsten carbide.
Bernhard "Bernd" Richter (born 3 April 1943 in Prague) is a German politician and retired Oberstudienrat.
Strange Serenade is an album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill recorded in 1980 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.[1] The album features three of Hill's original compositions and one written by Laverne Hill performed by a trio.
William S. Patrick was a Michigan politician.[1][2] He was elected as the twelfth mayor of the Village of Flint in 1869, serving a single 1-year term.[1][3]
The Evertsen class or Kortenaer class was a class of coastal defense ships[a] of the Royal Netherlands Navy. The class comprised Evertsen, Piet Hein and Kortenaer.
Ant Nation is a real time strategy video game from Konami for WiiWare and Nintendo DS. The WiiWare version was released on July 13, 2009 in North America and the Nintendo DS version was released on September 8, 2009.[1]
Jentl Gaethofs (born 21 April 1994) is a Belgian footballer who currently plays for FC Wezel Sport as a central midfielder.
In hypersolvus granites, as used by Tuttle and Bowen in 1958,[1] crystallization at relatively low water pressures results in the formation of a single feldspar as opposed to subsolvus granites in which two distinct types of feldspar are present.
Marc Rosset was the defending champion, but lost in the semifinals this year.
This is a list of notable events in country music that took place in 2020.
Harriet Ward Sanborn Grosvenor was an early American writer, poet, and author of fifteen books.[1][2]
The 2019 African Baseball Championship was the fourth Africa Baseball Championship, after 1999, 2003, and 2007.[1] The Championship was held from May 1 to May 5, 2019, at the Boksburg Baseball Club in Johannesburg, South Africa.[1][2]
The Anglican Diocese of Ibadan South[1] is one of 17 within the Anglican Province of Ibadan, itself one of 14 provinces within the Church of Nigeria.[2] The current bishop is Akintunde Popoola.[3]
Thomas Muentzer is a 1956 East German film about the life of the 16th-century Protestant theologian and peasant leader Thomas Muentzer, directed by Martin Hellberg.
The 1982 Ms. Olympia contest was an IFBB professional bodybuilding competition was held on October 22, 1983, in Warminster, Pennsylvania. It was the 4th Ms. Olympia competition held.
Tog Wajaale (also known as Wajaale) is a city on the border of Somaliland and Ethiopia.[1] Tog Wajaale is the main border crossing for goods coming in and out of Somaliland, primarily from the port city of Berbera, Somaliland's main port.[2]
The 1919 Australian referendum was held on 13 December 1919. It contained two referendum questions. The referendums were held in conjunction with the 1919 federal election.
Ouled Mansour is a town and commune in M'Sila Province, Algeria. According to the 1998 census it has a population of 4,896.[1]
The Northumberland Strategic Partnership was the Local Strategic Partnership for the county of Northumberland created in 1997.[1]  As of 2015 the partnership is not active.[2]
German submarine U-1163 was a Type VIIC/41 U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.
Paul Deheuvels (born 11 March 1948 in Istanbul) is a French statistician. He is a member of the French Academy of Sciences.
Mr. Smith is the sixth studio album by American hip hop recording artist LL Cool J, released on November 21, 1995, by Def Jam. The album has been certified Double Platinum in the US by the RIAA.[1]
The Gala Lads is a barbershop quartet that won the 1962 SPEBSQSA international competition.[1]
Jorge N. Ferrer (born October 30, 1968) is a US-based Spanish psychologist who wrote about the applications of participatory theory to transpersonal psychology, religious studies, integral education, and sexuality and intimate relationships. 
The Clinton Herald is a six-day (Monday through Saturday) daily newspaper published in Clinton, Iowa, and covering Clinton and Jackson counties in Iowa, and Carroll and Whiteside counties in Illinois.
Jake Donaghey (born 6 December 1994) is an Australian sprint canoeist.[1] At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's C-1 1000 metres.
"Fancy Satin Pillows" is a song written by Jerry Crutchfield and Dee Moeller. It was recorded and released as a single by American country, rock, and Christian artist, Wanda Jackson.
Pindori Kalan is a small village located in Wazirabad Tehsil, Gujranwala District, Punjab, Pakistan.[3]
WLKE (93.5 FM) is an American, Christian radio station serving Altoona, Pennsylvania, from Gallitzin, its city of license.  WLKE operates at an effective radiated power of 1,250 Watts. The station is owned by Educational Media Foundation.
An onboard camera or in-car camera is a camera placed upon a moving object, such as a vehicle.
Rifle House Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission burial ground for the dead of the First World War located near Ypres on the Western Front.
The Ghetto of Mantua was the former enclosed Jewish quarter or ghetto in the city of Mantua, region of Lombardy, Italy.
Collaborations 2 is the tenth studio album by Punjabi singer Sukshinder Shinda, released on 26 February 2009 worldwide making his second collaborated album. The album was also released internationally to USA, Canada, and U.K.[1]
Doxa Pentalofos M.A.S. is a Greek football club, based in Pentalofos, Thessaloniki.
Arthur Joseph Griffin (born January 28, 1988) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Oakland Athletics and Texas Rangers.
The Blue Foot or Poulet Bleu is a Canadian chicken hybrid bred to resemble the French Poulet de Bresse.[1]
Timo Gottschalk (born August 28, 1974 in Neuruppin) is a German rally co-driver, most notable for being on the winning team of the 2011 Dakar Rally alongside Nasser Al-Attiyah.
This is the full medal table of the 1936 Winter Olympics, which were held in the villages of Garmisch and Partenkirchen in Bavaria, Germany.
Hopi-Dart was an American sounding rocket used by the NASA Marshall Space Flight Center for aeronomy studies in the early 1960s. 
USCGC Richard Snyder (WPC-1127) is the 27th Sentinel-class cutter built for the United States Coast Guard.[3] She is the first of her class to be home-ported in Atlantic Beach, North Carolina.
The Celebration Theatre is a 501(c)(3) non-profit theatre company in Los Angeles, founded in 1982. The company is located in West Hollywood, on the west end of Theatre Row, and specializes in works representing the LGBTQ+ experience.
Davis City is a city in Decatur County, Iowa, United States. The population was 179 at the time of the 2020 census.[2]
Joyce Van Eck is a plant biologist and faculty member at the Boyce Thompson Institute in Ithaca, NY.[1] She is an Adjunct Professor in the Section of Plant Breeding and Genetics at Cornell University.[2]
The Barcode Battler[a] is a handheld game console released by Epoch Co. in March 1991.[1]
Mombo is one of the 20 wards of the Korogwe District, Tanga Region, Tanzania.
Ho Airport (IATA: HZO, ICAO: DGAH) is a regional airport built to serve Ho in the Volta Region of Ghana. Construction was completed in 2017, although the airport was not opened to commercial traffic until 2021.
Alex Carleton is an American fashion and home-goods designer. He is the founder of Rogues Gallery and was the creative director of an L.L.Bean capsule brand, L.L.Bean Signature. He is currently creative director of Filson.[1]
Gylis (also transcribed Gyllis or Gylus) was a Spartan polemarch under Agesilaus II at the Battle of Coronea in 394 BC in the Corinthian War.
Device neutrality law states that the users have the right of non-discrimination of the services and apps they use, based on platform control by hardware companies.
The following is a list of the Pakistani people sorted by order of their declared or estimated wealth in U.S. dollars.
Pennsylvania Railroad class E2b comprised six experimental B-B electric locomotives built for the railroad by General Electric. 
Chlorbenzoxamine is a drug used for functional gastrointestinal disorders.
Cristo Rey High School Sacramento is a private, Roman Catholic high school in Sacramento, California, situated on the corner of Jackson and Florin-Perkins Roads.  It is in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sacramento.
Myanmar women's national under-17 football team is Controlled by Myanmar Football Federation.
This is a list of parliamentary by-elections in Great Britain held between 1754 and 1774, with the names of the previous incumbent and the victor in the by-election.
Marianne Florman (born 1 June 1964) is a former Danish team handball player and Olympic champion. She won a gold medal with the Danish national team at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.[1]
The Proud and the Free is a historical novel by Howard Fast that was published in 1950. It tells the story of the Pennsylvania Line Mutiny from the enlisted men's point of view.[1]
Talata Volonondry (also: Talatavolonondry) is a rural commune in Analamanga Region, in the  Central Highlands of Madagascar. It belongs to the district of Antananarivo Avaradrano and its population numbers to 18,314 in 2018.
Lowe Alpine is a US outdoor equipment manufacturer founded in Utah in 1972 by brothers Mike, Greg and Jeff Lowe. Today it is owned by Rab.
Gordon Charles Danielson (October 28, 1912 - September 30, 1983)[1][2] was a Distinguished Professor in Sciences and Humanities in 1964 at Iowa State University at Ames, Iowa.
"Eradicate the Doubt" is a song by Biffy Clyro and the third single from their 2003 album, The Vertigo Of Bliss, and their seventh overall single. It reached number 98 on the UK Singles Chart.
Et Sans was a Canadian experimental rock band from Montreal. Their music was characterized by lengthy compositions with lyrics in French, combined with loud, distortion-filled electronic and instrumental sounds with a heavy bass beat .[1]
Lotte Grigel (born 5 April 1991) is a Danish handball player for Nantes Loire Atlantique Handball and the Danish national team.[1][2]
Thomas Carey MacMillan (born 21 June 1948) was the longest serving President and CEO of CIBC Mellon,[1] and a Canadian businessman.
In enzymology, an L-lactate dehydrogenase (cytochrome) (EC number 1.1.2.3) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
Nizatidine is a histamine H2 receptor antagonist that inhibits stomach acid production, and is commonly used in the treatment of peptic ulcer disease and gastroesophageal reflux disease.[1]
Marcus Aemilius Scaurus was the son of Marcus Aemilius Scaurus (Praetor 56 BC) and Mucia Tertia, former wife of Pompey the Great. Sextus Pompey was his half brother.
The discography of Set Your Goals, an American rock band, consists of three studio albums, two extended plays and three singles.
NAPCO (Northwestern Auto Parts Company) was a four-wheel drive automobile parts manufacturing company founded in 1918.
Rocky Creek is an unincorporated community in Blanco County, in the U.S. state of Texas.[1] According to the Handbook of Texas, the community had a population of 20 in 2000.
National Assembly Station is a railway station on Line 9 of the Seoul Subway.
The Val de Dagne is a valley to the south east of Carcassonne in the department of Aude in southwest France.[1][2] It forms a fiscal area of the Carcassonne arrondissement in Aude.[3]
Jim Kwik is an American brain coach, podcaster, writer, and entrepreneur.  He is the founder of Kwik Learning, an online learning platform;[1] the host of the Kwik Brain podcast; and the author of Limitless, published by Hay House in 2020.[2][3]
Van der Walt is an Afrikaans surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Glad All Over is the sixth studio album for Californian alternative rock band The Wallflowers. It was released in October 2012 by Columbia Records, and charted at #48.
KYYS (1250 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Regional Mexican format. The station is licensed to Kansas City, Kansas, United States.  It is currently owned by Audacy, Inc. and operations are under an LMA with Reyes Media Group.
Nampyeong Station is a railway station on the Gyeongjeon Line in South Korea.
Knowin' You're Around is the debut album by contemporary Christian musician, Twila Paris.
Lucy Addison High School was an all-African American high school founded in 1928 during Jim Crow racial segregation in Roanoke, Virginia. 
Xavier Fagnon is a French actor who specializes in dubbing.
Ferenc Hopp Museum of Asiatic Arts is an art museum in Budapest, Hungary.
Jean Dussourd (born 1948) is a French civil servant (prefect).
The Speed of Darkness is a play written by Steve Tesich.
Wortzel is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The Family Channel, Smile of a Child (English)
ABS-CBN (Philippines)
Portas is a municipality in Galicia, Spain in the province of Pontevedra.
Robert Clifford (died 1423) was an English politician.
Spijkers is a Dutch surname. Notable people with the surname include:
This is a list of Australian Aboriginal prehistoric sites.
Vespasiano is an Italian masculine given name which may refer to:
Ehart is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.[1]
The molecular formula C12H18N2O3 (molar mass: 238.28 g/mol) may refer to:
Nicke is a male given name. Notable people with this name include:
Vatuvei is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Into the Quiet is an album by Kristy Hanson released in 2010.
USS Picket may refer to the following ships of the United States Navy:
Peter Ford is an Australian entertainment reporter.[1]
Thirlaway is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Jamasp was an Iranian philosopher in the time of Zoroaster.
Trefethen is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Marvin E. Dillman was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
The following elections occurred in the year 1973.
Kaur Kender (born 27 May 1971) is an Estonian author[1] and entrepreneur.
The year 1661 in science and technology involved some significant events.
Gerd Schenker (born 2 June 1948) is a German percussionist.
This is a list of diseases starting with the letter "O".
Maher Hasnaoui (born 22 September 1989) is a Tunisian cyclist.[1]
Mary Gideon (born 10 December 1989) is a Nigerian Badminton player.[1]
ROKS Ulsan is the name of two Republic of Korea Navy warships:
Anna Ciddor (born January 1957) is an Australian author and illustrator.
Kleinsasser is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The 2014 municipal elections in Ontario were held on October 27, 2014.
Agents of Good Roots is an American rock band from Richmond, Virginia.
Soldiers of the Damned is a 2015 British war horror film.
Paternus was a Roman statesman who served as Consul in 269.
Jopek is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Eduardo Nava (born 11 March 1997) is an American tennis player.
Bondevik is a Norwegian surname. Bondevik may refer to
This article is about the history of Sarajevo in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Malacarne is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
John Arthur Ferch (born February 6, 1936) is a United States diplomat.
Linnecor is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The Dos Mangues River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
Edward Robert Broaster is a Belizean police officer and writer.
Crona is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Trosterud is a neighborhood in Alna borough in Oslo, Norway.
Carosi is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ray DiPierro (1926-2014) was a guard in the National Football League.
Yaak Karsunke (born 4 June 1934, Berlin) is a German author and actor.
Jean Carol (born April 13[when?]) is an American actress.
Below are the results for season 12 (XII) of the World Poker Tour
Clarkin is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Grise is a French surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Laurette is a female given name, a diminutive of the name Laura. 
At least three ships of the Brazilian Navy have borne the name Alagoas
Raisin is a French surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Stabel is a surname which is commonly seen in Norway. It may refer to:
Ableson is a surname. People with the surname include:
Bohanon is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Gallinari is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Itani is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Elm Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.[1]
Ingeniero Luiggi is a town in La Pampa Province in Argentina.[1]
Jerry Odom Bellune (born April 30, 1936) is an editor and publisher.