When I was a little boy I wanted to be a hero. Not some damn business man. But a superhero who could send rotten villains like you flying with one punch.
Did you see a butt naked man run past us? Must have evacuated mid-bath.
If this is the path you choose to walk... I will not interfere. But if you turn the people against you... Will you be able to function as a hero? This worries me.
I know no one expects much from me. And I know better than anyone how useless a C Class hero is. I know I'm too weak even for B Class! I know more than anyone else that I'll never beat you. But I must fight you anyway!
Why do you have to pay money to eat? Can't we all just share? Where is freedom in the world?! All are slaves to labor! The rich grow fat... While the poor die!
Stop me if you can. Until then, I'll stay this cocky.
This strength doesn't make any sense. It's not fair. It's like he's made up of the world's unfairness. As if he is the personification of justice... of course. Didn't I already know? This world is unfair. Justice and evil are decided by others. That's how the world is. To oppose the unfair power known as justice, I have to obtain the unfair power known as evil. To defeat the unfair beings known as heroes I have to become an unfair being myself!
In exchange for power, maybe I've lost something that's essential for a human being?
You said you worked hard? Well, maybe you need to work a little longer.
100 push-ups, 100 sit-ups, 100 squats, and a 10km run EVERY SINGLE DAY!
I told you, I'm busy. So anyone who gets in my way gets punched.
Who decides limits? And based on what? You said you worked hard? Well, maybe you need to work a little harder. Is that really the limit of your strength?
You are calm and intelligent, but youth can invite disaster. Do not fight alone.
You are too young to worry about failure. In a pinch, just muddle through. The outcome won't change, so that's best.
You may be after King but I know someone who's stronger. More importantly I am stronger than YOU!
The popular will win, the hated will lose, it's such a tragedy. Then I won't lose to anyone. I will become the strongest monster ever and change this scenario.
What is evil? What is justice? All those pretty words mean I should go die because the majority wants me dead! This is absurd! They can all go to hell.
To calm the populace's unease, a hero must be tough, strong and beautiful, as well as be able to promptly and splendidly eradicate evil.
This strength doesn't make any sense. It's not fair. It's like he's made up of the world's unfairness. As if he is the personification of justice... of course. Didn't I already know? This world is unfair. Justice and evil are decided by others. That's how the world is. To oppose the unfair power known as justice, I have to obtain the unfair power known as evil. To defeat the unfair beings known as heroes I have to become an unfair being myself!
Is that really the limit of your strength? Could the you of tomorrow beat you today? Instead of giving in, move forward.
If you really want to become strong, stop caring about what others think about you . Living your life has nothing to do with what others think.
You have to keep doing it. No matter how difficult it gets. It took me a full 3 years to get this strong.
That was so much fun, I can barely contain myself! I can become even stronger! My body still moves, and I can't feel any pain. Actually I'm so excited that I can feel my strength welling up within me!
You gotta train like hell until the point where your hair falls out. That's the only way to become truly strong.
Sensei. I have never met any person as incredible as you, Saitama Sensei. Even if the public doesn't appreciate you, I will still follow you.
Do you know what he said to me today? 'Never heard of you.' Never!
If I had taken a wrong step, would I have ended up like that, too?
What’s the matter? You don’t like Udon?
I'll leave tomorrow’s problems to tomorrow’s me.
Crap. I forgot to buy kombu soup stock.
Killer Move: Serious Series. Serious Sideways Jumps!
Fist of Flowing Water Crushed Rock!
What is this devilry?! Is that a living creature?!
Saitama Sensei! I need to ask you something... What do you think is that I lack? (I mean power right?) Thank you very much. Sensei's battles show me the true path... He is a symbol of strength. He is what I strive to be. I will get there too. (Wanna head home?)
Garou? Did you pass out? Rest well, then. For soon, you will meet Lord Orochi.
They don't know that we know they know we know.