Suoy is an endangered Pearic language of CamboPavuna is a neighbourhood in the North Zone of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It is one of the oldest  places in Rio de Janeiro.
British Army mess dress is the formal military evening dress worn by British Army officers and senior non-commissioned officers in their respective messes or at other formal occasions.
Anlo is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election. Anlo is located in the Keta district  of the Volta Region of Ghana.
Al-Rawdhah Club  is a Saudi Arabian football (soccer) team in Al-Jeshah playing at the Saudi Second Division.

The following pages list the power stations in the United Kingdom, by region:

The state of Arkansas has a wide variety of freshwater fish species in its rivers, lakes, and streams.
Suzanne Amador Kane is a physicist and Professor of Physics and Astronomy at Haverford College. She is well known for her work utilizing video to understand the behavior of various species of birds.
The Estadi Municipal de Can Misses is a multi-use stadium located in Ibiza, Balearic Islands, Spain. It is currently used for football matches and is the home stadium of UD Ibiza.
Museum District Station is a station on the METRO Red Line in Houston, Texas (USA). It serves the Houston Museum District.
Shibatai railway station  is a station of Jingbao Railway in Inner Mongolia.

The following are the national records in speed skating in Ireland, maintained by Ice Skating Association of Ireland (ISAI).
BK Saldus is a professional basketball club based in Saldus, Latvia playing in the Latvian Basketball League.
Ludesch is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.
Horizon High School is a public high school in Phoenix, Arizona in the Paradise Valley Unified School District.
The Rogues Gallery is an accessory for the first edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.


The Kuku Buyunji (Kokobujundji), alternatively known as the Kuku Nyungkal or Annan River tribe are an indigenous Australian people of the state of Queensland.
Rosenblad is a Swedish language surname, which mean "rose leaf". Notable people with the surname include:
Our Cancer Year is a nonfiction graphic novel written by Harvey Pekar and Joyce Brabner and illustrated by Frank Stack.
Mbelala (Belala), or Tombelala, is an Austronesian language of Central Sulawesi, Indonesia.
Eon Products was an American game company that produced board games and game supplements.
A performance supervision system (PSS) is a software system used to improve the performance of a process plant.  Typical process plants include oil refineries, paper mills, and chemical plants.
This article contains a list of proposed and prototype wave power devices.
Right Back at Cha is an album containing unreleased material, remixes and live performances of tracks from the debut album by Shai, ...If I Ever Fall in Love.
Nitita is a highly endangered language of Vanuatu, presumably a Malekula Interior language.
Simons' BASIC is an extension to BASIC 2.0 for the Commodore 64 home computer. Written by British programmer David Simons in 1983, who was 16 years old at the time, it was distributed by Commodore as a cartridge.
Pansarbandvagn 302 (pbv 302), meaning roughly armoured tracked carrier vehicle 302,[a] was a Swedish high-mobility infantry fighting vehicle (Swedish: pansarskyttefordon) used by the Swedish Army from 1966 to 2014.
Publius Furius Philus was a consul in 223 BC, a praetor in 216, and a censor in 214. He died the following year, before resigning his office.
Catch-22 is a satirical play by the American author Joseph Heller, first produced in 1971 and based on his 1961 novel of the same name.
The Northern Cyclones are a junior ice hockey organization playing in the United States Premier Hockey League. The team plays their home games at the Cyclones Arena, located in Hudson, New Hampshire.
Parco Virgiliano (the Park of Remembrance) is a scenic park located on the hill of Posillipo, Naples, Italy.
The Park serves as a green oasis, built on the tufa stone typical to the coast of Posillipo.
Touch N Move is the second extended play by South Korean girl group Sistar. It was released on July 21, 2014, by Starship Entertainment and distributed by LOEN Entertainment. It features the lead single "Touch My Body".
Remi Gribonval from the INRIA, Rennes Cedex, France was named Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2014 for contributions to the theory and applications of sparse signal processing.[1]

The list of shipwrecks in January 1888 includes ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during January 1888.
"Grace" is the first single by former Live lead singer Ed Kowalczyk from his debut solo album Alive, as well as on an autographed Limited Edition CD.
This is a list of transactions that have taken place before and during the 2020 BAL season, the inaugural season of the Basketball Africa League (BAL).
The 1954 World Table Tennis Championships men's singles was the 21st edition of the men's singles championship.[1][2]
Tomb KV8, located in the Valley of the Kings, was used for the burial of Pharaoh Merenptah of Ancient Egypt's Nineteenth Dynasty.
The Tuxedo Brass Band, sometimes called the Original Tuxedo Brass Band, was one of the most highly regarded brass bands of New Orleans, Louisiana in the 1910s and 1920s.
Destroy All Music is the second album by The Flying Luttenbachers, released in 1995 through ugEXPLODE.[3]
Gemopatrilat (INN)[1] is an experimental drug that was never marketed.[2]  It acts as a vasopeptidase inhibitor.[3][4] It inhibits both angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) and neutral endopeptidase (neprilysin).[5]
Un'estate al mare is a 2008 film directed by Carlo Vanzina and Enrico Vanzina.[1]
Andilamena District is a district in the Alaotra-Mangoro region in Madagascar. Its capital is Andilamena.
Cocksucker Blues is an unreleased documentary film directed by the still photographer Robert Frank chronicling The Rolling Stones American Tour 1972 in support of their album Exile on Main St.
The 2010 Eliteserien promotion/relegation play-offs was the 38th time a spot in the Norwegian top flight was decided by play-off matches between top tier and second-level clubs.
Demo Piece is a 2020 Indian Kannada-language comedy drama directed by Vivek A. and starring Bharath Bopanna, Sparsha Rekha (the film's producer) and Sonal Monteiro.[1][2]
Shinji Kazama (born 26 September 1950)[1] is a Japanese motorcyclist who rode to the North and South Poles on motorcycles.[2] He is mentioned in the documentary television series Pole to Pole (1992), presented by Michael Palin.[3][4]
Wettersteinplatz is an U-Bahn station in Munich on the U1. The station is also served by routes  and  of the Munich tramway.[1]
Eagle Ridge Country Estates is an organized hamlet in the Rural Municipality of Corman Park No. 344 near the city of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.  The hamlet consists of 26 estates.[2]
Petrona Morrison (born 1954) is a Jamaican sculptor and media artist.  Her work is largely inspired by African art;[1] she uses found objects in assemblages that have both personal and broader social themes.[2]
The Iowa Women's Hall of Fame was created to acknowledge the accomplishments of female role models associated with the U.S. state of Iowa, and is an endeavor of the Iowa Commission on the Status of Women  (ICSW). 
Wikipedia does not currently have an article on "VfB", but our sister project Wiktionary does:
Tracy Mark Franz (born March 28, 1960) is a former American football guard who played for the San Francisco 49ers in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at San Jose State University.[1][2]
Hovatter is an unincorporated community in Tucker County, West Virginia, United States.


The following are lists of the highest-grossing domestic and international films in Indonesia with gross revenue in Indonesian Rupiah and the number of tickets sold nationwide.
Robert E. Otto (born December 12, 1962) is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys and Houston Oilers. He played college  football at Idaho State University.
"There Ain't No Sanity Clause" is a single by English rock band the Damned, released on 24 November 1980.
Sergey Petrik (born 1 November 1967) is a Russian former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics.[1]
This article attempts to list of the highest falls survived without a parachute. Some heights are difficult to verify due to lack of documentation and are approximated This is the discography of Ron Browz, an American hip hop record producer.
Harcum College is a private associate degree-granting college in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1915 and was the first college in Pennsylvania authorized to grant associate degrees.

Chitravina Narasimhan (born 1941) is a gottuvadhyam player from India.[1] He is the father of  chitravina player N. Ravikiran.
Mijo Miletic (born 2 June 1998) is a Bosnian-Herzegovinian footballer who plays for Union Gurten in the Austrian third tier Regionalliga Mitte.[1]
Atwood Oceanics, Inc. was an offshore drilling contractor headquartered in Houston, Texas. In October 2017, the company was acquired by Ensco plc.[1]
Korata is one of the kebeles in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia. It is the location of the former town of Korata.
Bagtown is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Washington County, Maryland, United States. Its population was 333 as of the 2010 census.[3]
Newswest is a community publication serving a number of communities within Canada's National Capital Region. Newswest is a wholly Canadian publication and not related to the 1980s U.S. newspaper NewsWest, previously owned by Tab Communications.
The Jeunesse Sportive du Mont Dore is a handball club in New Caledonia. [1]
Slabtown is a census-designated place in Columbia County, Pennsylvania, United States.  It is part of Northeastern Pennsylvania. The population was 156 at the 2010 census.[2] It is part of the Bloomsburg-Berwick micropolitan area.
The 2006 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe was a horse race held at Longchamp on Sunday 1 October 2006.[1] It was the 85th running of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
The Bolivian Air Force Museum is an aviation museum located at El Alto International Airport in El Alto, La Paz.
Images is an album by Phil Woods that won the Grammy Award for Best Large Jazz Ensemble Album in 1976. Woods recorded the album with an orchestra conducted by Michel Legrand, who won a Grammy for Best Instrumental Composition.[1]
Victor Caballero (born August 26, 1960) is a former tennis player from Paraguay, who represented his native country as a lucky loser at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. There he was defeated in the first round by qualifier Zeeshan Ali from India.
Looney Tunes Super Stars' Daffy Duck: Frustrated Fowl is a DVD of 15 new-to-DVD Daffy Duck cartoons that was released on August 10, 2010.[1]

Robert Lee (born 28 February 1956) is an Australian sprint canoeist who competed in the early 1980s. At the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, he finished fifth in the K-2,500m event and eighth in the K-4 1,000m event.
Nikoletta Lakos (born December 14, 1978, in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian chess woman grandmaster. She is a three-time Hungarian Chess Championship winner, having taken the title in 1997, 2002 and 2005.[1]
DEFCAD, Inc. is an American startup that has created a search engine and web portal for designers and hobbyists to find and develop 3D printable and other CAD models online.
Atwater Place is a skyscraper in Portland, Oregon's South Waterfront district, in the United States.[1]
The Hutchings Homestead, also known as the Cannon Ball House, is located in Springfield, Union County, New Jersey, United States. The homestead was built in 1741 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 16, 1977.
The Toronto Courthouse is a major courthouse in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, located behind Osgoode Hall at 361 University Avenue, north of Queen Street West. It is a branch of the Ontario Superior Court of Justice and is used for criminal trials.[1]
Matthew Prentice (born 23 September 1980) is a New Zealand former professional tennis player.
The British Under-19 Championship is an annual motorcycle speedway competition open to British national speedway riders aged nineteen years and under at the start of each year.[1] In 2011, it was replaced the British Under-18 Championship.[2]
Guido Pulidori (born 23 March 1997) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Livorno, as a goalkeeper.[2]
Everything You Want is a 2005 romantic-comedy television film on ABC Family starring Shiri Appleby and Nick Zano.[1]
Llavares[1] is a parish in Santo Adriano, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain. 
A sacred garden is a religiously influenced garden, often found on temple grounds.
In mathematics, zero dynamics is known as the concept of evaluating the effect of zero on systems.[1]
Camp Asaka is a base of the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force. It lies in four municipalities: Nerima, Tokyo; Asaka, Saitama; Wako, Saitama; and Niiza, Saitama. It serves as the headquarters of the Eastern Army.
The Essential Fantasy Earth is a supplement published by Zody Games in 1996 for the fantasy role-playing game Fantasy Earth.
The Hartford Symphony Orchestra (HSO) is an American orchestra based in Hartford, Connecticut.
Novo Panicharevo is a village in Primorsko Municipality, in Burgas Province, in southeastern Bulgaria.[1]
Compatil is a large typeface family designed for interchangeable fonts while maintaining identical document metrics.
The urban campus of University of Colombo is located in Colombo, Sri Lanka, primarily situated around Cinnamon Gardens.
Home Sweet Home is a Windows game developed by Big Blue Bubble that was also released for WiiWare on October 24, 2008 in Europe,[1] and on November 3, 2008 in North America.[2] It has been described as a "home decorating sim".[3]
Albert Johnson was a state legislator in Mississippi. He represented Warren County, Mississippi in the Mississippi House of Representatives in 1870 and 1871.[1]
Lyn Mary Swinburne AO (born 6 June 1952) is a prominent women's advocate, inspirational speaker and founder of Breast Cancer Network Australia (BCNA).
The 1924 Hessian state election was held on 7 December 1924 to elect the 70 members of the Landtag of Hesse.[1]
An ultop is a traditional toy, made from bamboo and  common in the Batak Highland of northern Sumatra, Indonesia. Children often make this toy.
Hickory Township is a township in Pennington County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 83 at the 2000 census.
Mihai Nechita-Burculet (born 5 February 1949, Sarca, Romania) is a Romanian painter.
The 1989 Heinz Southern 500, the 40th running of the event, was a NASCAR Winston Cup Series race held on September 3, 1989 at Darlington Raceway in Darlington, South Carolina.
The Divide County Courthouse in Crosby, North Dakota was built in 1917.[2]  It was designed by architects Buechner & Orth in Beaux Arts style.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.[1]
WKKI (94.3 FM) is a radio station  broadcasting an active rock format. Licensed to Celina, Ohio, United States, the station serves the Lima area.  The station is currently owned by The Sonshine Communications Corporation.[1]
RV Mirai is a Japanese oceanographic research vessel. She was originally built as the nuclear-powered general cargo ship Mutsu,[5] but never carried commercial cargo.[6]
The Children of the Wind is a novel by Geraldine Harris published in 1982.
Florissimo is an international flower show held in the city of Dijon, France. It features exhibits from French and non-French cities, botanical gardens, agricultural schools, and private corporations.
Compatil is a large typeface family designed for interchangeable fonts while maintaining identical document metrics.
Lithuania has sent four entries to the Junior Eurovision Song Contest, first entering at the 2007 Contest in Rotterdam.
Marilla is a hamlet in the town of Marilla in Erie County, New York, United States.[1]
Soy molasses is brown viscous syrup with a typical bittersweet flavor. A by-product of aqueous alcohol soy protein concentrate production, soy molasses is a concentrated, desolventized, aqueous alcohol extract of defatted soybean flakes.

Brian de Graft (born 21 September 1988), better known by the name B.D. Graft,[1] is a German visual artist living and working in Amsterdam, The Netherlands.
Robyn Sarah (born 1949, in New York City) is a Canadian poet and short story writer.[1]
Walker-Hackensack-Akeley School District is a public school district in Cass County, Minnesota, United States, based in Walker, Minnesota.
Goldmeister is a German duo that combines music from the 1920s with hip hop from the 1990s.[1][2]
Matthew 15:1 is a verse in the fifteenth chapter of the Gospel of Matthew in the New Testament.
Ghai is a surname that is found among the Khatri community of India.[1] They are a part of Khukhrain sub-caste among the Khatris which also includes the clans of Anand, Bhasin, Chadha, Kohli, Ghai, Sahni (Sawhney), Sethi and Suri.[1]
Tugce Ergul is the founder of Angel Labs, the world's first investor accelerator.[1] She educates potential investors around the world about angel investing.
Aleksei Polyakov (born December 16th, 1985) is a Russian handball player for Zarya Kaspiya and the Russian national team.[2]
A13 Highway is a busy road in Zimbabwe running from Enterprise Road, Harare to Shamva, Madziwa Mine and through to Gora Turn-off on the A11 Highway towards Wimbo Shrine, Mt Darwin.[1]
Salvatore Macchia (born 1947) is an American composer of contemporary classical music.
Pueblo Nuevo District is one of the fourteen districts of the Ica Province in Peru.
Crux is an online newspaper that focuses on news related to the Catholic Church.  From September 2014 until March 2016, it was owned by The Boston Globe.  Since April 2016, it has been independently owned.
The 139th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Northeastern Pennsylvania and has been represented since 2023 by Joseph Adams.
James Brown Arena (formerly known as Augusta-Richmond County Civic Center) is a multi-purpose complex located in Augusta, Georgia. It is managed by Spectra Experiences.

The rosters for the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship tournament in Nigeria includes the names of all players.
Lucky Summer Lady is the debut studio album by the Japanese jazz fusion group T-Square, who were then known as The Square. It was released on September 21, 1978.[1]
Graham is a census-designated place (CDP) located in Muhlenberg County, Kentucky, United States.
Stratford High School is a public high school located in Stratford, Wisconsin. It serves grades 9 through 12, and is the only high school in the Stratford School District.

This article contains a list of well-known Mexicans in science, publication, arts, politics and sports.
Atormentada, is a Mexican telenovela produced by Televisa and originally transmitted by Telesistema Mexicano.[1]

Brian L. Gardiner (born 18 August 1955) was a member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1988 to 1993. His background included publishing, administration and management.
Pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase (also pyruvate dehydrogenase complex kinase, PDC kinase, or PDK; EC 2.7.11.2) is a kinase enzyme which acts to inactivate the enzyme pyruvate dehydrogenase  by phosphorylating it using ATP.
The Armoury (German: Zeughaus) in Innsbruck, Austria, is a former military arsenal that is now a museum. It lies in the Innsbruck quarter of Dreiheiligen. 
Hsu Chih-ling (born 1 September 1975) is a Taiwanese taekwondo practitioner.
Asbury is an unincorporated community in Stokes County, North Carolina, United States.
Soldier in the Rain is a 1963 American comedy buddy film directed by Ralph Nelson and starring Jackie Gleason and Steve McQueen. Tuesday Weld portrays Gleason's character's romantic partner.
The Miles City Waterworks Building and Pumping Plant Park is a National Registered Historic Place located in Miles City, Montana. It served as waterworks for Miles City from 1911 to 1974, and was added to the Register on September 26, 1979.[2]
The Pitt Poetry Series, published by the University of Pittsburgh Press  in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA, is one of the largest and best known lists of contemporary American poetry.
Bobby Espinosa (April 29, 1949-February 27, 2010) was an influential and important part of the Latin rock scene in Los Angeles from the late 1960s to the 2000s. He was a founding member of El Chicano.
Gianluca Marchetti (born June 18, 1993) is an Italian professional basketball player who currently plays the point guard position for Basket Barcellona of the A2 Gold Basket Series.
Conversations with Inanimate Objects is the debut album by American comedian Gary Gulman, released on New Wave Entertainment in 2005. The album was reissued on New Wave Dynamics in 2013.
Quill Lakes was a constituency of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan.
The 364th Rifle Division was an infantry division of the Red Army during World War II.
Ordo Militia Templi is the first studio album by the Italian Black ambient/Gothic rock band Militia Christi.
The Linguists' Club was a language club located in London, which operated between 1932 and 1971.[1][2]
Comix 2000 was an international one-shot independent comic book published in 1999 by L'Association (France) and distributed in the United States by Fantagraphics Books.
Luciano Reinaldo Rezende (born 5 August 1978) is a Brazilian Paralympic archer and Parapan American Games gold medalist.
The 2013 E3 Harelbeke was the 56th running of the E3 Harelbeke single-day cycling race. It was held on 22 March 2013, over a distance of 211 kilometres (131.1 miles) and was the sixth race of the 2013 UCI World Tour season.
Forever.com is a digital archive and internet storage startup company for photographs, documents, videos, and audio files. Founded in May 2012 by Glen Meakem, the company is headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
King of Prussia Town Center is a lifestyle center in the census-designated place of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania,[2] in Upper Merion Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania. The center is just west of the King of Prussia mall.
Jabula (isiZulu: "rejoice") was a musical ensemble of South African musicians exiled in England during the Apartheid era,[1] led by Julian Bahula.[2]
Muhammad Rafli Mursalim (born 5 March 1999) is an Indonesian professional footballer who last plays as a striker for Liga 2 club Gresik United.
The Organization of the Oppressed on Earth is a group that claimed responsibility for kidnappings, bombings, and executions in Lebanon in the 1980s. It was considered a precursor to, or another name for, Islamic Jihad and Hezbollah.
The Removers is a spy novel by Donald Hamilton first published in 1961. It was the third novel featuring Hamilton's creation, counter-agent and assassin Matt Helm.
Montecristo Trifinio National Park is a national park in Honduras. It was established on 1 January 1987 and covers an area of 54 square kilometres.[1]
"They All Laughed" is a song composed by George Gershwin, with lyrics by Ira Gershwin, written for the 1937 film Shall We Dance where it was introduced by Ginger Rogers as part of a song and dance routine with Fred Astaire.
Pigmy Deposit Scheme is a monetary deposit scheme introduced by Syndicate Bank, India .
Rosso corsa is the red international motor racing colour of cars entered by teams from Italy.[2]
James Horncastle is an English sportswriter and a broadcaster. Specialising in European[1] and Italian football, Horncastle frequently covers football for BT Sport.[2]
Finley is an Italian rock band formed in Legnano, Lombardy, Italy in 2002.[1]
Kouni is a village in the Bassar in the Kara Region  of north-western Togo.[1]
Christian Gudegast (born February 9, 1970) is an American writer and filmmaker.
DeQuincy is the northernmost city in Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 3,235 at the 2010 census.[2] DeQuincy is part of the Lake Charles metropolitan statistical area.


The 2013 Tipperary Senior Hurling Championship was the 123rd staging of the Tipperary Senior Hurling Championship since its establishment in 1887. The championship began on 15 June 2013 and ended on 13 October 2013.
Cassa di Risparmio del Veneto S.p.A., known as CR Veneto, was an Italian savings bank, headquartered in Padua, Veneto (Italian: Padova). It was a subsidiary of Intesa Sanpaolo.
Christian Jose Nsi Amougou (born 8 June 1989) is a professional footballer from Cameroon.
The Lyford House is a Victorian house located in Tiburon, California. Built in 1876, the house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Thangman Kangri is one of highest peak in the remote Rimo Muztagh, a subrange of the Karakoram range in Ladakh union territory of India.
Portrait of Leslie W. Miller is a 1901 painting by Thomas Eakins, Goodrich catalogue #348. It is in the permanent collection of the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
The Hammer / Palmer Mansion is a historic mansion at 3654-3656 S. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Drive in the Bronzeville section of Chicago.
The women's rugby sevens tournament at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games were held from 7 to 8 December 2019 in the Philippines. 6 Southeast Asian teams played in the women's competition.
S.R. Lavin (Sholom Lavin) is a poet who was born in Springfield, Massachusetts on April 2, 1945. Lavin's work has been published in the U.S., England, Poland, China, The Netherlands, Japan and Israel. 
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Clonard (English, Irish Gaelic? Cluain Iraird ) was a medieval diocese (originally abbey nullius) in Ireland until its 1202 suppression, which became a modern Latin Catholic titular see.
Asilika Sevutia (born 15 July 1988) is a Fijian netball player and current vice captain of the Fiji national team who plays in the positions of center, wing attack or wing defense.[1][2]
Rob Heyland (born 2 April 1954) is an Anglo-Irish screenwriter, actor and landscape designer.
Gordon Jones (born July 25, 1957) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for five seasons for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Los Angeles Rams.
The Davis Diamond is a softball facility and stadium in College Station, Texas. It is home to Texas A&M Aggies softball.2008 Emperor's Cup Final was the 88th final of the Emperor's Cup competition. The final was played at National Stadium in Tokyo on January 1, 2009. Gamba Osaka won the championship.[1]

This is a list of newspapers in the U.S. state of Oregon. The list is divided between papers currently being produced and those produced in the past and subsequently terminated.
Rich Woodland Jr. (born August 5, 1970) is an American former stock car racing driver. He competed in the NASCAR Winston West Series in the mid 1990s, and also made two starts in NASCAR's premier Winston Cup Series.
Congaree is a private golf course in the eastern United States, located in South Carolina in Jasper County outside of Ridgeland in unincorporated Gillisonville.
Liga Veneta Serenissima (Most Serene Venetian League, LVS) was a Venetist political party active in Veneto.
The Receiver General of Jamaica was the public official in Jamaica responsible for receiving and disbursing money of the Government of Jamaica.[1]
The Massachusett Tribe at Ponkapoag is a cultural heritage group that claims descendancy from the Massachusett people, an Indigenous people of the Northeastern Woodlands.[1]
BullionByPost is a British online bullion dealer based in Birmingham, which delivers gold and silver bars and coins to customers through the post.[1] It is the UK's biggest online gold dealer.
Samir Labidi (born 1962) is a Tunisian politician. He is the former Communications Minister.[1][2] Prior to this, he was the Minister of Youth, Sports, and Physical Education.[3]
"Shine" is the title track and only single released from American singer Cyndi Lauper's eighth album Shine.
A Regimentarz (from Latin: regimentum) was a military commander in Poland, since the 16th century, of an army group or a substitute of  a Hetman. He was nominated by the King of Poland or the Sejm.
Jennie Worrell (1850 - August 11, 1899)  was a burlesque actress of the 19th century from Cincinnati, Ohio.  She was the youngest of three Worrell sisters who appeared in Broadway productions from 1867 to 1872.
Last Days of the Maya, released to DVD under the title Royal Maya Massacre, is a 2005 television documentary film in the television series Explorer, which currently airs on the National Geographic Channel.
Lucas Matthew Beech (born January 20, 1972) is a professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball with the Philadelphia Phillies from 1996 to 1998.
Nine Flags is an album by Cuban composer-arranger Chico O'Farrill featuring performances recorded in 1966 for the Impulse! label.[1]
Professor Tarantoga (full name: Astral Sternu Tarantoga), an eccentric xenozoologist, traveller, and inventor, is a fictional character from science fiction works, mostly humorous, by Polish writer Stanislaw Lem.[1][2]
The Mayfield Downtown Commercial District is a historic district in Mayfield, Kentucky which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.  The listing was increased in 1996.[1]
Alexandra Duah (died 2000) was a Ghanaian veteran actress who contributed to the growth of the Ghanaian movie industry.[1][2]
Cristina Nardozzi is an American model, actress, television personality, and beauty pageant titleholder who has competed in the Miss USA 2005 pageant but Unplaced.
Reece Limited is a publicly-listed Australian company, and the country's largest supplier of plumbing and bathroom supplies.[1]
Igre bez pravila (trans. Games without rules) is the sixth studio album by Serbian heavy metal band Kraljevski Apartman, released in 2012.
Guy Emory Benjamin (born June 27, 1955) is a former American football quarterback who played six seasons in the  National Football League (NFL).

Francis James Hurst  was an Irish Anglican priest in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries:[1] he was Archdeacon of Clogher from 1903 until 1906.[2]
1-Naphthyl isothiocyanate is a chemical compound which is an isothiocyanate derivative of naphthalene. It can be produced by the reaction of 1-Naphthyl thiourea and chlorobenzene.[2]
LaC TV is an Italian regional television channel of Calabria based in the city of Vibo Valentia . It transmits a light entertainment program: movies, news and weather bulletins, film and sports on LCN 19.
The 1985 San Francisco 49ers season was the franchise's 36th season in the National Football League and their 40th overall. 
Hille Sarapuu (since 1970 Bachmann; born 12 December 1937) is an Estonian speed skater, cyclist and motorcycle rider.[1]
Jining Qufu Airport (IATA: JNG, ICAO: ZSJG) is an airport serving the cities of Jining and Qufu, the hometown of Confucius, in Shandong Province, China. The airport is located 25 kilometers west of downtown Jining.
A Brief History of the Future is a speculative futurology book about the next 50 years by Jacques Attali. The original edition was published by Fayard in 2006.[1]
AFP-675 (Air Force Program-675) was a Space Shuttle experiment package that was carried into orbit on Discovery as part of STS-39.
Taint Pluribus Taint Unum is the debut studio album by the Minneapolis-based noise rock band Cows, released in 1987 through Treehouse Records.[2]
Tom Swift and His Photo Telephone, or, The Picture That Saved A Fortune, is Volume 17 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.
Songs of Moors and Misty Fields (1997) is the second album by the German band Empyrium.
"Revolution Earth" is the fourth single released by the B-52's from their 1992 album Good Stuff.
Nicholas James Kobasew[1] (born April 17, 1982) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey right winger who played eleven seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL).
Didine Djouhary (born 8 February 1999) is a French professional footballer.[1]
The Pennsylvania Auto Show is an annual auto show held in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania at the Pennsylvania Farm Show Complex & Expo Center.
Innocent Sagahutu (born 30 May 1962)[1] is a former Rwandan soldier, who is chiefly known for his role in the Rwandan genocide.
AdventHealth Lake Wales, formerly Lake Wales Medical Center, is a non-profit hospital in Lake Wales, Florida. It was formerly owned by health care provider Community Health Systems but is now owned by AdventHealth.  
Geist: The Sin-Eaters is a tabletop roleplaying game and setting for White Wolf Game Studio's World of Darkness line released in August 2009. In the setting, a Geist is a spirit bound to a once-dead human resulting in a Sin-Eater.
The Central Missouri Activities Conference, or CMAC, is a high school athletic conference comprising large-size high schools located in central Missouri. The conference members are located in Boone, Cole, and Pettis counties.

Roller sports competitions at the 2011 Pan American Games in Guadalajara  were held from October 23 to October 27 at the Pan American Skating Track.[1]
Lincoln Preparatory School is a charter school in Grambling, Louisiana, USA.
The New York Bank Note Company was an engraver of stock certificates in New York City.
The year 1923 in architecture involved some significant architectural events and new buildings.
Surrency is a town in Appling County, Georgia, United States. The population was 201 at the 2010 census.[4]
The 35th edition of the World Allround Speed Skating Championships for Women took place on 23 and 24 February in Heerenveen at the Thialf ice rink.
Alluvial (foaled 1969 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred broodmare.
Brigitte Broch, born November 21, 1943, is a German-Mexican production designer.
FC Issyk Kol Karakol is a Kyrgyzstani football club based in Karakol that plays in the top division in Kyrgyzstan, the Kyrgyzstan League. This is their first participation in the top division of Kyrgyzstan football.
Thoma Kikis is an American film producer, designer and entrepreneur best known for founding KannaLife Sciences.[1] He was also a founder of Ovie Entertainment.
Gayles is an unincorporated community in King George County, Virginia, United States.[1]
Betony Vernon (born August 15, 1968) is an American jewelry designer based in Paris.[1] She produces luxurious erotic jewelry.[2]
CFX Bank, whose full name is CFX Bank Limited, was a commercial bank in Zimbabwe. It was one of the licensed commercial banks in the country.[1]

The qualifying competition for the 1972 CONCACAF Pre-Olympic Tournament determined the four teams for the final tournament.[1]
Manuela Pfrunder (born March 25, 1979, in Lucerne, Switzerland) is a Swiss graphic designer. She was chosen by the Swiss National Bank to design the ninth series of Swiss franc banknotes.
307th Infantry Brigade (307 Bde) was a formation of the British Army organised from surplus Royal Artillery (RA) personnel retrained as infantry towards the end of the Second World War.
The global commercial production for human use of fish and other aquatic organisms occurs in two ways: they are either captured wild by commercial fishing or they are cultivated and harvested using aquacultural and farming techniques.
Tribsoft was a Canadian software company that specialized in porting computer games to the Linux platform.
Montauk Chronicles is a 2014 documentary film from filmmaker Christopher P. Garetano. The film covers the alleged happenings in the Montauk Project conspiracy.[1]
EquinoxAir S.A.S, operating as Equair, is an airline headquartered in Quito, Ecuador.
Millwood is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Ware County, Georgia, United States, located west of Waycross. The community is part of the Waycross Micropolitan Statistical Area.
"I Feel It" is a song credited to DJ Darren Briais vs DJ Pee Wee Ferris The song was released in 1995 and peaked at number 20 on the Australian singles chart.
The 1970 Bucknell Bison football team was an American football team that represented Bucknell University as an independent during the 1970 NCAA College Division football season.
Acts of Faith is the 1985 novel written by Rajiva Wijesinha. The book is the first in a trilogy that was followed by Days of Despair in 1987 and concludes with 2005's The Limits of Love.
This article presents official statistics gathered during the COVID-19 pandemic in mainland China.
Sunset is a town[3] in Crittenden County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 198 at the 2010 census.[4]
Grumman Gulfstream were a family of aircraft produced by Grumman. The line is continued by Gulfstream Aerospace, now a division of General Dynamics.

Neville Keery (born 5 May 1939) is a writer and activist and has had a career as a journalist, administrative officer, Senator, and Senior European Commission Official.
The Ottawa Black Film Festival is an annual film festival in Ottawa, Ontario, which festival programs a selection of African, Caribbean, African American and Black Canadian films.[1]
Adams Township is one of the fifteen townships of Seneca County, Ohio, United States.  The 2010 census found 1,320 people in the township.[3]
The Free Confederation of Chadian Workers (CLTT) is a trade union centre in Chad. It was formed in 1991 by members from the dissolved National Confederation of Trade Unions of Chad.
MTV Party To Go volume 4 was the fourth album in the MTV Party To Go series.  The album was certified gold on May 25, 1994 by the RIAA.[2]
"Who Drinks My Beer When I'm Gone" is a single by Canadian country music group Mercey Brothers. The song debuted at number 36 on the RPM Country Tracks chart on March 17, 1969.[1] It peaked at number 1 on June 9, 1969.[2]
Eaves-drip burial refers to the medieval funerary custom in Britain of burying infants and young children next to building foundations in churchyard. Similar practices have begun to be explored in other regions of medieval Europe.[1]
Heaven is the first book in the Casteel series by author V. C. Andrews. It is also the first name of the main character. It was first published on November 1st, 1985, and is one of Andrews most popular works.
The 1953 24 Hours of Le Mans was the 21st Grand Prix of Endurance, and took place on 13 and 14 June 1953, at the Circuit de la Sarthe, Le Mans (France).  It was also the third round of the F.I.A. World Sports Car Championship.[1]
Ticaco District is one of eight districts of the Tarata province in Peru.[1]
Gabriel Muller (born 12 April 1985) is a French cyclist, who currently rides for UCI ProTeam Burgos BH.[2]
KJOK (102.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Hollis, Oklahoma. The station broadcasts a Classic rock format and is owned by Monte Spearman and Gentry Todd Spearman, through licensee High Plains Radio Network, LLC.[1]
The Service is an essay written in 1840 by Henry David Thoreau.  He submitted it to The Dial for publication, but they declined to print it. It was not published until after Thoreau's death.[1]
Fernando Albert Derveld (born 22 October 1976 in Vlissingen) is a retired Dutch footballer. He played as  left back.
Sea Breeze is an unincorporated community located within Fairfield Township in Cumberland County, New Jersey, United States.[2] It is located on the shores of the Delaware Bay.[3]
Domus Anatomica was an anatomical theatre which existed from 1644 until 1728 in Copenhagen, Denmark.
The Designated Victim (Italian: La vittima designata, also known as  Slam Out) is a 1971 Italian giallo film directed by Maurizio Lucidi.[1][2][3]
Glaciers is a studio album by American hip hop production duo Blue Sky Black Death.[2] It was released by Fake Four Inc. in 2013.[3] The chopped and screwed version of the album, titled Glaciers Melted, was released in 2014.[4][5]
The Olav Thon Foundation (Norwegian: Olav Thon Stiftelsen) is a Norwegian foundation and as such the biggest in Norway.
Hoberg Township is an inactive township in Lawrence County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.[1]
Rise: The Vieneo Province (abbreviated to Rise) is an MMO space simulator. The game is centered around an exomoon called Vieneo about 225 LY from Earth.

The following is a list of Boston University Terriers men's basketball head coaches. The Terriers have had 25 coaches in their 114-season history.[1]


The following are the national records in athletics in Guam maintained by its national athletics federation: Guam Track and Field Association (GTFA).
Seibertsbach is a river of Bavaria, Germany. It flows into the Wondreb near Mitterteich.
I'm Going On, is a gospel music album by American contemporary gospel music group Commissioned, released in 1984 on Light Records.
RoKi is a Finnish ice hockey team based at Lappi Areena (capacity 3,500), Rovaniemi.  Established in 1979. Full name of the club is Rovaniemen Kiekko.
Cem Felek (born 12 May 1996) is a professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder. Born in Germany, he has represented both Turkey and Azerbaijan at youth level. 
The Old Testament is a greatest-hits album of the group Sunz of Man, released in 2006.
The marbled newt (Triturus marmoratus) is a mainly terrestrial newt native to western Europe. They are found in the Iberian Peninsula and France, where they typically inhabit mountainous areas. 

The list of shipwrecks in December 1847 includes ships sunk, foundered, wrecked, grounded, or otherwise lost during December 1847.
Isla Huivulai ("long neck" in the Mayo language) is a private island located five kilometers off the coast of the Mexican state of Sonora in the Gulf of California.
Shang Ruihua (born 18 November 1944) is a Chinese football coach, who led the China women's national football team on two separate occasions.
Wild Mouse is a Maurer steel roller coaster currently operating at Lagoon Amusement Park in Farmington, Utah.
Unavailability, in mathematical terms, is the probability that an item will not operate correctly at a given time and under specified conditions. It opposes availability.

Andrew Snowdon (born 26 September 1965) is an English cricketer. He is a left-handed batsman and right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Cornwall. He was born in Plymouth.
Adel Wgdan Mahmood Al Chadli (born 13 April 2000) is a Yemeni footballer who plays for Ittihad Kalba as a winger.
Color, Materials, Finish (CMF) is an area of industrial design that focuses on the chromatic, tactile and decorative identity of products and environments.[1]
Beauval Forks 192O is an Indian reserve of the English River First Nation in Saskatchewan.[1][2]
Komsilga is a department or commune of Kadiogo Province in central Burkina Faso. The population was 53,255 in 2006.[1]
Joe Knetsch is an American historian and author. In 2019 his book of essays about the history of Tallahassee, Florida and its surroundings was published.[1]
Elstertrebnitz is a municipality in Saxony, lying southwest of Leipzig and northeast of Zeitz.
Pearl City Worship is an Indian Christian music worship group from Hyderabad, Telangana, India, where they started in 2016, after being discovered by Ian Eskelin at Pearl City Church. They have released one studio album, We Won't Be Silent (2016).
2C-TFM is a psychedelic phenethylamine of the 2C family.  It was first synthesized in the laboratory of David E. Nichols.  It has also been called 2C-CF3, a name derived from the Para-trifluoromethyl group it contains.
Danny Reuther (born 22 June 1988 in Eisenberg) is a German footballer who plays for BSG Chemie Kahla.[2]
Urban Decay is a 2007 horror film directed by Harry Basil and starring Dean Cain.[1]
Trinidad is a city in Henderson County, Texas, United States, near the Trinity River from which the town's name was derived. The population was 860 at the 2020 census,[4] down from 886 at the 2010 census.
Women have historically played minor roles as farm owners in agriculture in the United Kingdom,[1] but the number who own or lease farms is rising rapidly in the 21st century; by 2013 there were 25,000.[2]
Robert Alan Lees (born June 2, 1959 in Fort Gordon, Georgia) is a retired Korea Baseball Organization infielder.
WPFP (980 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a variety hits format. Licensed to Park Falls, Wisconsin, United States, the station is currently owned by The Marks Group through licensee Park Falls Community Broadcasting Corporation.[1]
The 2007 Falken Tasmania Challenge is the thirteenth round of the 2007 V8 Supercar season. It was held on the weekend of the 16 to 18 November at Symmons Plains Raceway in Tasmania. 
Enoque Vicente Paes (born 11 December 1982), known as Paes, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
Giuliano Losacco (born March 17, 1977) is a Brazilian racing driver.[1][2] He is the 2004 and 2005 Stock Car Brasil champion.
Lake West is a neighborhood in West Dallas, Texas, United States. Its boundaries are Canada Drive to the north, the Union Pacific Railroad tracks to the south, Hampton Road on the east, and Westmoreland Road on the west.
Walter Nickell "Nick" Sousanis is an American scholar, art critic, and cartoonist; a co-founder of the TheDetroiter.com, he is also the first person at Columbia University to write a dissertation entirely in a comic book format.[1][2]
Geeking Out is an American  late night talk show comedy television series co-hosted by Kevin Smith and Greg Grunberg. It premiered on AMC on July 24, 2016, during San Diego Comic-Con International.
Antonio Comi (born 26 July 1964) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a central midfielder and the current general manager of Torino.
Blondie Hits the Jackpot is a 1949 American comedy film directed by Edward Bernds and starring Penny Singleton, Arthur Lake, Larry Simms, and Marjorie Ann Mutchie. It is the 26th of the 28 Blondie films.
U.S.A. for M.O.D. is the debut full-length studio album from American crossover thrash band, M.O.D.[3] It was released in 1987 on Megaforce Records. In 1988, the band subsequently released the EP, Surfin' M.O.D..
Georges Chapouthier (born 27 March 1945 in Libourne) is a French neuroscientist and philosopher.
Majenta is a studio album by American electronic musician Jimmy Edgar, released in 2012 on Hotflush Recordings. It met with a mixed reception, with Resident Advisor writing that it "quite possibly represents Edgar's most full-blooded work yet."[4]
Beyond the Core: Expand Your Market Without Abandoning Your Roots  is a non-fiction book by American business consultant Chris Zook. This is the second book in his Profit from the Core trilogy, followed by Unstoppable released in 2007.[1][2]
Verne Q. Powell Flutes Inc. is a producer of professional flutes and piccolos since 1927.  The company produces handmade musical instruments in wood, silver, platinum, and gold.
Willard is an unincorporated community and coal town in Carter County, Kentucky, United States.
Diego Bianchi (born 1969 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentinian visual artist. He lives and works in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

The following is a list of NCAA Division I baseball career and single-season home run leaders.
TVP Dokument is a Polish TVP station, which primarily focuses on presenting documentaries and movies. It started broadcasting on 19 November 2020.[1] It is broadcast only in HD via cable and satellite, as well as DVB-T2/HEVC test transmissions.[2]
Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Sioux City is a casino hotel in Sioux City, Iowa. It is owned and operated by Churchill Downs, Inc.
Arukaino Umukoro is a Nigerian Journalist notable for winning the CNN/MultiChoice Africa Journalist Award in the year 2015.[1][2]
Pin the tail on the donkey is a game played by groups of children. The earliest version listed in a catalog of American games compiled by the American Game Collectors Association in 1998, is dated 1899, and attributed to Charles Zimmerling.[1]
Dinotopia: The Timestone Pirates is a platform based video game for Nintendo Game Boy Advance, developed by RFX Interactive and published by TDK Mediactive.  It is set in James Gurney's Dinotopia.
The international tournament organised by Netanya Chess Club started in 1961. The most famous competition took place in 1968 when Robert James Fischer won (scoring 11.5/13) ahead of Daniel Yanofsky and Moshe Czerniak.[1]
Regina Seiden (4 July 1897- 11 January 1991), also known as Regina Seiden Goldberg was a Jewish Canadian painter who was an early member of the Beaver Hall Group.[1][2] She was primarily interested in painting figurative work and portraits.
A powder horn is a container for gunpowder, and was generally created from cow, ox or buffalo horn. The term may also be used for any personal container for gunpowder, although powder flask is the strictly correct term.
HIL Sector Blues is a 1986 role-playing game supplement for Paranoia published by West End Games.
A bent-over row (or barbell row) is a weight training exercise that targets a variety of back muscles.[1] Which ones are targeted varies on form. The bent over row is often used for both bodybuilding and powerlifting.[2]
Song Man Lei (born 1966)  is a Macanese judge. She is the first female judge to sit on Macau's highest appellate court, the Court of Final Appeal.  
The Autonomous Orthodox Metropolia of North and South America and the British Isles is a True Orthodox denomination.
Elwood Murray (1897-1988) was an American administrator and scientist in the field of speech communications and general semantics.
The South Branch Rahway River flows north north through Woodbridge Township, New Jersey before entering the Rahway River in Rahway, New Jersey, 4.5 miles from the Arthur Kill. Its source is the Roosevelt Park lake in Edison, New Jersey.[1]


This article contains the results of the Tipperary county hurling team in the Championship during the 1980s.[1]
Arne Gabius (born 22 March 1981 in Hamburg) is a German long distance runner. He is the current men's German national record holder in the marathon with his time of 2 hours 08 minutes and 33 seconds.[1]
The Nippon Professional Baseball Rookie of the Year Award is given to one player in each league of Central League and Pacific League.

Ansger (fl. 1086) of Montacute was one of the Devon Domesday Book tenants-in-chief of King William the Conqueror.
Esso Motor Hotel was a Swedish subsidiary of the American oil company Esso, for running hotels in Europe.
Romano-tv (previously Manne-tv)[1] is a twelve-episode sketch-show based on common stereotypes and misconceptions the Finns have of the domestic Romani minority. It ran from June 2 to August 18, 2007 on Yle.
Southern Maine Community College is a public community college in South Portland, Maine.  It is part of the Maine Community College System.
Mary Mattatall (born April 22, 1960, in Halifax, Nova Scotia) is a Canadian curler and coach[1] from Dartmouth, Nova Scotia.

An election was held to Swale Borough Council in England as part of the United Kingdom local elections on 7 May 2015.[1] All 47 seats were up for election under new ward boundaries.
Bungsberg (originally named Eva, factory body number 646) was a cargo ship built in 1924 at Howaldtswerke in Hamburg, Germany, for China Reederei AG. She had three sister ships:
The Mundanes were an early-1980s Rhode Island-based new wave band with six members: John Andrews, Marsha Armitage, Jonathan Gregg, Dean Lozow, and Kevin Tooley, and John Linnell.[1]
Kathleen Sgambati is a former Democratic member of the New Hampshire Senate, representing the 4th District between 2006 through 2010.
Tamilology, a subset of the larger field of Dravidian studies, denotes study of the Tamil language, Tamil literature and the culture of the Tamil people
Imeglimin (brand name Twymeeg) is an oral anti-diabetic medication.[1][2]  It was approved for use in Japan in June 2021.[3]
"Takeover" is a track recorded by Jay-Z for his 2001 album The Blueprint. The song is a diss track aimed at rappers Nas and Prodigy of Mobb Deep.
The Clutts House is a historic residence in the city of Wellston in Jackson County, Ohio, United States.  Built in 1902,[1] it was constructed as the home of Joseph Clutts, a leading member of Wellston society and industry.[2]
The Silence Sellers is a 1917 American silent drama film, directed by Burton King. It stars Olga Petrova, Mahlon Hamilton, and Wyndham Standing, and was released on September 24, 1917.
Avao is a village on the north central coast of Savai'i island in Samoa. The village is part of the electoral constituency (Faipule District)of  Gaga'emauga 2,[1] which is included in the larger political district of Gaga'emauga.
This Country in the Morning was a nationally broadcast Canadian radio program, which aired on CBC Radio from 1971 to June 27, 1975. Peter Gzowski was the host from 1971 to 1974.
DAU is a multidisciplinary project at the intersection of cinema, art, and anthropology, which had its premiere in Paris in early 2019.
Cynthiana is a census-designated place in northwestern Perry Township, Pike County, Ohio, United States.[1] Cynthiana no longer has a post office and the mailing address has been changed to Bainbridge, OH 45612. It lies along State Route 41.
Robert Ritchie was a Hong Kong racecar driver who won the Macau Grand Prix in 1955. At the time of his win, he was a sergeant in the Royal Air Force.[1]
The Ottilien or Watam-Awar-Gamay languages languages are a small family of clearly related languages, 
Dr. Gaius Baltar is a fictional character in the TV series Battlestar Galactica played by James Callis, a reimagining of Count Baltar from the 1978 Battlestar Galactica series.[1] He is one of the show's primary characters.
The William Ravenel House is an historic house in Charleston, South Carolina, United States.

James Kinnear WS FRSE (1810-1849) was a Scottish lawyer. His legal title was Master Extraordinary in Chancery and Commissioner of English Affairs.[1]
The Critical Path Project (stylized CRITICAL///PATH) is a video archive of interviews with video game designers and developers.[1]
Nic Fanciulli (born August 25, 1979, in Kenya) is an electronic music artist, DJ[1][2] and label owner.[3]
Oluf A. Saugestad (January 19, 1840 - December 17, 1926) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.[1]
2010: Kalinka andHava Nagila
2011: Tango Amore
2012: Shine On You Crazy Diamond
The following television stations operate on virtual channel 24 in the United States:[1]
The Wheel of Love and Other Stories is the third short story collection by Joyce Carol Oates. It was published in 1970 by  Vanguard Press.[1][2]
Ashley Christina Hartman (born August 31, 1985) is an American actress, singer, and television presenter.
Differences in pronunciation between American English (AmE) and British English (BrE) can be divided into
Llanishen Methodist Church, also known as Century Chapel, is a listed place of worship in Llanishen, a suburb of Cardiff in Wales.
Canada was the host of the 1976 Summer Paralympics in Toronto. Its athletes finished sixth in the overall medal count.[1]
The Very Best of Barry Manilow is a compilation album released by singer and songwriter Barry Manilow in 2005 for sale at Hallmark stores.[1]
Maria Mutch is a Canadian writer, whose memoir Know the Night: A Memoir of Survival in the Small Hours was a shortlisted nominee for the Governor General's Award for English-language non-fiction at the 2014 Governor General's Awards.[1]
Biyom is a Rai Coast language spoken in Madang Province, Papua New Guinea. It has 650 speakers.
Clue: Parker Brothers' Classic Detective Game is a North American-exclusive video game published for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System and Sega Genesis video game consoles. It is based on the popular board game of the same name.
The Philistines Jr. is an American rock band from Connecticut. Active since 1990, the group has released four studio albums, the most recent being 2019's Help!.
North Norwich is a town in Chenango County, New York, United States. The population was 1,783 at the 2010 census.[3] The town is directly north of the City of Norwich in the eastern half of the county.
Stefanos Polyzoides (born February 16, 1946, in Athens, Greece) is an architect and urban planner based in Pasadena, California. He received his undergraduate and master's degrees in architecture and urban planning from Princeton University.
Antonei Benjamin Csoka, Ph.D. is a biogerontologist at Howard University who works on the molecular biology of aging, regenerative medicine, and epigenetics.[1][2][3]
South Fork is a statutory town in Rio Grande County, Colorado, United States. It lies at the confluence of the South Fork and Rio Grande rivers. The population was 386 at the 2010 census.
NGC 4479 is a barred lenticular galaxy located about 60 million light-years away[2] in the constellation of Coma Berenices.[3] NGC 4479 was discovered by astronomer William Herschel on April 8, 1784.[4] It is a member of the Virgo Cluster.[5]

Samuel Smith (died 23 March 1808) was an English priest and schoolmaster who became Headmaster of Westminster School in the 18th century.
Roller sports competitions at the 2019 Pan American Games in Lima, Peru are scheduled to be held at the Polideportivo 3 (artistic), and Pista de Patinaje (speed skating).[1]
Amon Gordon (born October 13, 1981) is a former American football defensive end of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the fourth round of the 2004 NFL Draft. He played college football at Stanford.

Below are select minor league players and the rosters of the minor league affiliates of the Minnesota Twins:
M01 is a Ukraine international highway (M-highway) that stretches from the state capital, Kyiv, to the northern border with Belarus.[1]
The Oslo Commitments were five international-scope goals agreed upon on May 12, 2010, by the Government of Norway and the UNDP, at a meeting in Geneva, Switzerland.
Tim Brinkman (born 22 March 1997) is a Dutch footballer who plays for GVVV.
Plagal Grind is a 12" EP by New Zealand band Plagal Grind, released in 1990.[2] Containing members of This Kind of Punishment and The 3Ds, along with Alastair Galbraith, the band was considered a supergroup.[3]
Hurrah! Another Year, Surely This One Will Be Better Than the Last; The Inexorable March of Progress Will Lead Us All to Happiness is the 2004 EP by post-rock band Youthmovie Soundtrack Strategies.[1][2]
Lonquimay (La Pampa) is a village and rural locality (municipality) in La Pampa Province in Argentina.[1]
Lake Osceola is a man-made, freshwater lake located at the center of the University of Miami campus in Coral Gables, Florida.[1]
The Iglesia de San Pedro Claver is a church located in Cartagena de Indias, in Colombia. This church and its convent are located in the Plaza de San Pedro Claver.
The Bayer designations c Puppis and C Puppis are distinct and refer to two different stars in the constellation Puppus:
Pociello is a locality located in the municipality of Capella, Aragon, in Huesca province, Aragon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 12.[2]
Victor Hugo de Medeiros da Silva (born 30 June 1991), known as Victor Hugo, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder.
Its phylogenetically closest relatives are found among the peoples of Japan, Central Asia, and the Andaman Islands in the Bay of Bengal. It is more distantly related to the Haplogroup D*, whose sub-clades are common throughout Asia.
Spinach 1 is a 1973 album composed, produced and performed by Giorgio Moroder and Michael Holm under the moniker "Spinach".
The 44th District of the Iowa House of Representatives in the state of Iowa.[1]
Chantel S. Jackson (born October 1, 1983) an American politician and social worker serving as a member of the New York State Assembly from the 79th district. Elected in November 2020, Jackson assumed office on January 1, 2021.[1]
Wilmot is an unincorporated community in Washington Township, Noble County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.[2]
Suwon Central Baptist Church is an Evangelical Christian Baptist megachurch located in Suwon, South Korea, affiliated with the Korea Baptist Convention. At present, the senior pastor is Myung Jin Ko.
Lincoln Township is a civil township of Arenac County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 942 at the 2010 census.[3]  The city of Standish borders the township on the northeast but is administered autonomously.
Lawrence J. Block (born March 15, 1951) is a former judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims who was confirmed on October 2, 2002. He retired on January 8, 2016.
Rgaje is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 26 people.[1]
Fright Night is a video game published by British software company, Microdeal, for the Amiga. It is based on the American horror comedy movie Fright Night.

Emily Kau'i Zuttermeister (March 8, 1909 - 1994)[1] is Hula Master who was recognized as a Living Treasure of Hawaii by the Honpa Hongwanji Mission,[2] and a recipient of a National Heritage Fellowship in 1984.[3]
Jerrilyn Farmer is an American mystery fiction writer, author of a series of humorous 'cozy' mysteries featuring Hollywood caterer 'Madeline Bean'.[2][3]
Yemenite deaf-blind hypopigmentation syndrome is a condition caused by a mutation on the SRY-related HMG-box gene 10[2] (not SOX10).[3]
Jimmy Dean Foods is a food company that was founded in 1969 by country singer and actor Jimmy Dean. It was purchased by Sara Lee, which then divested as part of a unit known as Hillshire Brands, which was later purchased by Tyson Foods.


This article contains a list of all matches to be played during the 2020 Super Rugby regular season.
Ijeoma Akunyili (also known as Ije Akunyili) is a Nigerian American medical practitioner.
Irish Mist is the fourth of the Nuala Anne McGrail series of mystery novels by Roman Catholic priest and author Father Andrew M. Greeley.
Petaling Jaya Selatan was a federal constituency in Selangor, Malaysia, that was represented in the Dewan Rakyat from 1995 to 2018.
The Heartbroken is a Canadian indie rock band based in Toronto, Ontario.  The band consists of Damhnait Doyle, Blake Manning, Stuart Cameron and Peter Fusco.
 Jakob Herendler  was a politician of the early 18th century in Slovenia, when the country was under the Holy Roman Empire. He became mayor of Ljubljana in 1716.[1] He was succeeded by Florijan von Grafflieiden in 1720.
Do-Can is the fourth album by Masami Okui, released on September 23, 1998.
Matt Furstenburg (born June 19, 1989)[1] is a former American football tight end. He played college football at the University of Maryland. He signed as an undrafted free agent with the Baltimore Ravens in 2014.
Pocket litter is material, including notes scribbled on scraps of paper, that accumulates in an individual's pockets. It can include identity cards, transportation tickets, personal photographs, computer files and similar material.[1]
For Love is Anuhea Jenkins' second album. It was released on February 12, 2012.
Without Evidence is a 1996 thriller film directed and co-written by Gill Dennis in his first and last film he directed.[1] It stars Scott Plank, Anna Gunn, Angelina Jolie, Paul Perri, and Andrew Prine. It was co-written by Dennis and Phil Stanford.
20x20 (pronounced twenty by twenty) was a two-year initiative to champion girls and women in sport which launched in October 2018 in Ireland.[1][2][3]
Henno is both a surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:
A scoring knife or scoring tool is a handheld tool used to cut a groove in a sheet of material. The cutting edge of the knife is often made of hard material such tungsten carbide.
Jentl Gaethofs (born 21 April 1994) is a Belgian footballer who currently plays for FC Wezel Sport as a central midfielder.
In hypersolvus granites, as used by Tuttle and Bowen in 1958,[1] crystallization at relatively low water pressures results in the formation of a single feldspar as opposed to subsolvus granites in which two distinct types of feldspar are present.
Marc Rosset was the defending champion, but lost in the semifinals this year.
This is a list of notable events in country music that took place in 2020.
Thomas Muentzer is a 1956 East German film about the life of the 16th-century Protestant theologian and peasant leader Thomas Muentzer, directed by Martin Hellberg.
Tog Wajaale (also known as Wajaale) is a city on the border of Somaliland and Ethiopia.[1] Tog Wajaale is the main border crossing for goods coming in and out of Somaliland, primarily from the port city of Berbera, Somaliland's main port.[2]
The Northumberland Strategic Partnership was the Local Strategic Partnership for the county of Northumberland created in 1997.[1]  As of 2015 the partnership is not active.[2]
Paul Deheuvels (born 11 March 1948 in Istanbul) is a French statistician. He is a member of the French Academy of Sciences.
Mr. Smith is the sixth studio album by American hip hop recording artist LL Cool J, released on November 21, 1995, by Def Jam. The album has been certified Double Platinum in the US by the RIAA.[1]
The Clinton Herald is a six-day (Monday through Saturday) daily newspaper published in Clinton, Iowa, and covering Clinton and Jackson counties in Iowa, and Carroll and Whiteside counties in Illinois.

Jake Donaghey (born 6 December 1994) is an Australian sprint canoeist.[1] At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's C-1 1000 metres.
Pindori Kalan is a small village located in Wazirabad Tehsil, Gujranwala District, Punjab, Pakistan.[3]
WLKE (93.5 FM) is an American, Christian radio station serving Altoona, Pennsylvania, from Gallitzin, its city of license.  WLKE operates at an effective radiated power of 1,250 Watts. The station is owned by Educational Media Foundation.
An onboard camera or in-car camera is a camera placed upon a moving object, such as a vehicle.
Doxa Pentalofos M.A.S. is a Greek football club, based in Pentalofos, Thessaloniki.
Arthur Joseph Griffin (born January 28, 1988) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Oakland Athletics and Texas Rangers.
Timo Gottschalk (born August 28, 1974 in Neuruppin) is a German rally co-driver, most notable for being on the winning team of the 2011 Dakar Rally alongside Nasser Al-Attiyah.
Hopi-Dart was an American sounding rocket used by the NASA Marshall Space Flight Center for aeronomy studies in the early 1960s. 
The Badger-Gopher Conference was a short-lived college athletics conference composed of member schools located in the states of Minnesota and Wisconsin. The league existed from 1958 to 1962.[1]
USCGC Richard Snyder (WPC-1127) is the 27th Sentinel-class cutter built for the United States Coast Guard.[3] She is the first of her class to be home-ported in Atlantic Beach, North Carolina.
The Celebration Theatre is a 501(c)(3) non-profit theatre company in Los Angeles, founded in 1982. The company is located in West Hollywood, on the west end of Theatre Row, and specializes in works representing the LGBTQ+ experience.
Joyce Van Eck is a plant biologist and faculty member at the Boyce Thompson Institute in Ithaca, NY.[1] She is an Adjunct Professor in the Section of Plant Breeding and Genetics at Cornell University.[2]
The Barcode Battler[a] is a handheld game console released by Epoch Co. in March 1991.[1]
Mombo is one of the 20 wards of the Korogwe District, Tanga Region, Tanzania.
Ho Airport (IATA: HZO, ICAO: DGAH) is a regional airport built to serve Ho in the Volta Region of Ghana. Construction was completed in 2017, although the airport was not opened to commercial traffic until 2021.
Gylis (also transcribed Gyllis or Gylus) was a Spartan polemarch under Agesilaus II at the Battle of Coronea in 394 BC in the Corinthian War.
Myanmar women's national under-17 football team is Controlled by Myanmar Football Federation.


This is a list of parliamentary by-elections in Great Britain held between 1754 and 1774, with the names of the previous incumbent and the victor in the by-election.
Marianne Florman (born 1 June 1964) is a former Danish team handball player and Olympic champion. She won a gold medal with the Danish national team at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.[1]
The Proud and the Free is a historical novel by Howard Fast that was published in 1950. It tells the story of the Pennsylvania Line Mutiny from the enlisted men's point of view.[1]
Gordon Charles Danielson (October 28, 1912 - September 30, 1983)[1][2] was a Distinguished Professor in Sciences and Humanities in 1964 at Iowa State University at Ames, Iowa.
Et Sans was a Canadian experimental rock band from Montreal. Their music was characterized by lengthy compositions with lyrics in French, combined with loud, distortion-filled electronic and instrumental sounds with a heavy bass beat .[1]
Lotte Grigel (born 5 April 1991) is a Danish handball player for Nantes Loire Atlantique Handball and the Danish national team.[1][2]
Thomas Carey MacMillan (born 21 June 1948) was the longest serving President and CEO of CIBC Mellon,[1] and a Canadian businessman.
The discography of Set Your Goals, an American rock band, consists of three studio albums, two extended plays and three singles.
Rocky Creek is an unincorporated community in Blanco County, in the U.S. state of Texas.[1] According to the Handbook of Texas, the community had a population of 20 in 2000.
National Assembly Station is a railway station on Line 9 of the Seoul Subway.
Jim Kwik is an American brain coach, podcaster, writer, and entrepreneur.  He is the founder of Kwik Learning, an online learning platform;[1] the host of the Kwik Brain podcast; and the author of Limitless, published by Hay House in 2020.[2][3]
Glad All Over is the sixth studio album for Californian alternative rock band The Wallflowers. It was released in October 2012 by Columbia Records, and charted at #48.

Tim Hancock (born 20 April 1972) is an English cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler.
Emily Camille Kokal (born September 30, 1980) is an American musician from Chico, California. She is best known as the singer and guitarist of the indie rock band Warpaint. Kokal is one of the founding members of the band.[1][2]
"Embracing The Winds" is the seventh episode of the Star Trek fan series Star Trek Continues, which sought to emulate and continue the original Star Trek series. It first aired on 3 September 2016.
Chantilly porcelain is French soft-paste porcelain produced between 1730 and 1800 by the manufactory of Chantilly in Oise, France.  The wares are usually divided into three periods, 1730-51, 1751-1760, and a gradual decline from 1760 to 1800.
Hawaii High: Mystery of the Tiki is a 1994 girl-themed video game developed by Sanctuary Woods.
Bing Crosby Sings the Great Country Hits is a long-playing vinyl album of country and western themed songs recorded by Bing Crosby for Capitol Records on October 29 and 31, 1963.[1]
Julio Peralta and Horacio Zeballos were the defending champions but chose not to defend their title.
Ellerport Airport (ICAO: WN54) is a privately owned airport in Newman Lake, Washington.[2] It is situated on five acres of land.

Dean Marsh (born 3 December 1963) is an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Shropshire. He was born in Bedworth, Warwickshire and educated at Ash Green School, Exhall.[1]
Dale Weiler (born February 1, 1985) is an American former professional soccer player who played as a midfielder and forward.[2]
In category theory, a finitely generated object is the quotient of a free object over a finite set, in the sense that it is the target of a regular epimorphism from a free object that is free on a finite set.[1]
R. M. Fink (also known as Rita M. Fink) is an American screenwriter best known as one of the creators of Dirty Harry.[1]
Sveti Kuzam is a village located between Bakar and Rijeka in Primorje-Gorski Kotar County, Croatia. The village is administered as a part of the City of Rijeka.
 Anoushka Schut-Welkzijn  (born February 6, 1969 in Delft) is a Dutch politician. As a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie) she was an MP between September 20, 2012 and March 23, 2017.[1]
Gerard Artigas (born 10 January 1995) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for V.League 1 club Nam Dinh.
Rain is a 2006 film directed by Craig DiBona.[1]  The screenplay was written by Andrew Neiderman, based on the novel by V. C. Andrews.[2]  It premiered at the Palm Beach International Film Festival.[3]

Hermann Niebuhr is a South African artist who lives in De Rust.  He utilizes oils on canvas in a classical painterly style to document urban decay as well as rural landscapes.
Camouflage wz. 89 Puma was the successor of the Wz. 68 Moro pattern in  the Polish Armed Forces. Puma was first produced in 1989, and was replaced in 1993 by Wz. 93 Pantera.[citation needed]
Below is a list of currently available tablet PCs grouped by their width, depth, height, screen size, and appropriate tablet case sizes.
Dale J. Van Harlingen (born July 22, 1950) is an American condensed matter physicist.
"The Way of the World" is a short story by Willa Cather. It was first published in Home Monthly in April 1898.[1]
The Tykocin Synagogue is a historic synagogue building in Tykocin, Poland.[1] The synagogue, in mannerist-early Baroque style, was built in 1642.[2]
Inventory bounce is a term used in economics to describe an economy's bounce back to normal GDP levels after a recession. It is also sometimes called Inventory bounce-back.[1]
Charles D. Rosen (born January 16, 1937, in Long Beach, New York; died February 22, 2007, in Costa Mesa, California) was an American metallurgical engineer and friction stir welding expert.
Carlos Guillermo Haydon Otamendi (born March 25, 1976) is a Venezuelan actor and model known for his role in telenovelas.[1] He is the nephew[2] of Marcel Granier, CEO and Chairman of RCTV.
Frank Cignetti Field at George P. Miller Stadium is a stadium located on the campus of Indiana University of Pennsylvania in Indiana, Pennsylvania. It is the home field for the IUP Crimson Hawks football, field hockey, and track & field teams.
DeathDrome is a 1996 third-person shooter game developed by Zipper Interactive and published by Viacom New Media. It was the first game to be developed by Zipper Interactive.[1]
Emily's Sassy Lime (a palindrome) was an American punk rock group from Southern California. The group was formed in 1993 by three Asian American teenagers: sisters Wendy Yao and Amy Yao, and their friend Emily Ryan. 
The Furman Street Line was a street railway line in Brooklyn, New York City, United States, running along Furman Street from Cobble Hill to Fulton Ferry.
Paul Joseph Dennis Hodgson (born April 14, 1960) is a Canadian-born former Major League Baseball outfielder.
The Christian Heritage Party of Canada ran 53 candidates in the 1997 federal election, none of whom were elected.

Walter Paul Khotso Makhulu CMG (born Johannesburg 1935) is an emeritus South African-born Anglican archbishop of Central Africa.[1]
Black Diamond: The Story of the Negro Baseball Leagues is a 1994 book by Patricia McKissack and Fredrick McKissack, Jr. It tells the history African-American and Latin American involvement with baseball in the United States.
WIFX is a Hot Adult Contemporary formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Jenkins, Kentucky, serving Southeastern Kentucky and Southwestern Virginia.[1] WIFX is owned and operated by Gearhart Communications.[2]
Raya is a fictional character who serves as the main protagonist in Walt Disney Animation Studios' 59th animated feature film Raya and the Last Dragon (2021). Created by screenwriter Adele Lim, she is voiced by American actress Kelly Marie Tran.[1]
USS SC-43, until July 1920 known as USS Submarine Chaser No. 43 or USS S.C. 43, was an SC-1-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I.

Quick Reaction Alert (QRA) is state of readiness and modus operandi of air defence maintained at all hours of the day by NATO air forces. The United States usually refers to Quick Reaction Alert as 'Airspace Control Alert'.
Kottonmouth Kings is the eponymous sixth studio album by American hip hop group Kottonmouth Kings. It was released on May 31, 2005 via Suburban Noize Records. The album is also known as "No. 7" because of it being the seventh release overall.
NCAA March Madness 99 is the 1998 installment in the NCAA March Madness series. Former North Carolina player Antawn Jamison is featured on the cover.
White Deer Township is a township in Union County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 4,331 at the 2020 census.[2]
Lacy J. Dalton (born Jill Lynne Byrem; October 13, 1946)[1] is an American country music singer and songwriter. She is known for her gritty, powerful vocals, which People Magazine likened to a country equivalent of Bonnie Raitt.[2]
The Yamaha SDR200 is a 200 cc single-cylinder two-stroke motorcycle. It was manufactured and sold from around 1986 to 1987. Although it was intended for the Japanese home market only, a few examples have escaped as grey imports.
Radio Espace is a French local radio station created in the mid-1990s, broadcasting mainly in and around the city of Lyon. The station is owned by the Espace Group.[1]
David Edmund Turin (born 8 September 1965), known as Emit Bloch, is an American songwriter and musician.
Funk You! is an album by organist Don Patterson recorded in 1968 and released on the Prestige label.[1]
Pronger Bros. Ranch Airport (FAA LID: 3E7) is a privately owned, public use airport located eight nautical miles (15 km) southwest of the central business district of Stratford, in Sherman County, Texas, United States.[1][2]
The 73rd District of the Iowa House of Representatives in the state of Iowa.[1]
Benghazi Military University Academy is a military academy in Benghazi in Libya.
Melville is an unincorporated community in Logan County, West Virginia, United States. The community of Melville was established in 1967.[2]
The Obinitsa Church of Transfiguration of Our Lord is a church belonging to the Estonian Apostolic Orthodox Church in Obinitsa, Estonia.
Strongly interacting massive particles (SIMPs) are hypothetical particles that interact strongly between themselves and weakly with ordinary matter, but could form the inferred dark matter despite this.[1][2][3]
Colonia Ortiz de Ocampo is a municipality and village in La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina.[1]
Bernhard "Bernd" Richter (born 3 April 1943 in Prague) is a German politician and retired Oberstudienrat.
Strange Serenade is an album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill recorded in 1980 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.[1] The album features three of Hill's original compositions and one written by Laverne Hill performed by a trio.
William S. Patrick was a Michigan politician.[1][2] He was elected as the twelfth mayor of the Village of Flint in 1869, serving a single 1-year term.[1][3]
The Evertsen class or Kortenaer class was a class of coastal defense ships[a] of the Royal Netherlands Navy. The class comprised Evertsen, Piet Hein and Kortenaer.
Ant Nation is a real time strategy video game from Konami for WiiWare and Nintendo DS. The WiiWare version was released on July 13, 2009 in North America and the Nintendo DS version was released on September 8, 2009.[1]
Harriet Ward Sanborn Grosvenor was an early American writer, poet, and author of fifteen books.[1][2]
The 2019 African Baseball Championship was the fourth Africa Baseball Championship, after 1999, 2003, and 2007.[1] The Championship was held from May 1 to May 5, 2019, at the Boksburg Baseball Club in Johannesburg, South Africa.[1][2]
The Anglican Diocese of Ibadan South[1] is one of 17 within the Anglican Province of Ibadan, itself one of 14 provinces within the Church of Nigeria.[2] The current bishop is Akintunde Popoola.[3]
The 1982 Ms. Olympia contest was an IFBB professional bodybuilding competition was held on October 22, 1983, in Warminster, Pennsylvania. It was the 4th Ms. Olympia competition held.


The 1919 Australian referendum was held on 13 December 1919. It contained two referendum questions. The referendums were held in conjunction with the 1919 federal election.
Ouled Mansour is a town and commune in M'Sila Province, Algeria. According to the 1998 census it has a population of 4,896.[1]
German submarine U-1163 was a Type VIIC/41 U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.
The Gala Lads is a barbershop quartet that won the 1962 SPEBSQSA international competition.[1]
Jorge N. Ferrer (born October 30, 1968) is a US-based Spanish psychologist who wrote about the applications of participatory theory to transpersonal psychology, religious studies, integral education, and sexuality and intimate relationships. 
"Fancy Satin Pillows" is a song written by Jerry Crutchfield and Dee Moeller. It was recorded and released as a single by American country, rock, and Christian artist, Wanda Jackson.
Rifle House Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission burial ground for the dead of the First World War located near Ypres on the Western Front.
The Ghetto of Mantua was the former enclosed Jewish quarter or ghetto in the city of Mantua, region of Lombardy, Italy.
Collaborations 2 is the tenth studio album by Punjabi singer Sukshinder Shinda, released on 26 February 2009 worldwide making his second collaborated album. The album was also released internationally to USA, Canada, and U.K.[1]
The Blue Foot or Poulet Bleu is a Canadian chicken hybrid bred to resemble the French Poulet de Bresse.[1]
This is the full medal table of the 1936 Winter Olympics, which were held in the villages of Garmisch and Partenkirchen in Bavaria, Germany.
Davis City is a city in Decatur County, Iowa, United States. The population was 179 at the time of the 2020 census.[2]
Alex Carleton is an American fashion and home-goods designer. He is the founder of Rogues Gallery and was the creative director of an L.L.Bean capsule brand, L.L.Bean Signature. He is currently creative director of Filson.[1]
Device neutrality law states that the users have the right of non-discrimination of the services and apps they use, based on platform control by hardware companies.
[1]
[2]


The following is a list of the Pakistani people sorted by order of their declared or estimated wealth in U.S. dollars.
Pennsylvania Railroad class E2b comprised six experimental B-B electric locomotives built for the railroad by General Electric. 
Chlorbenzoxamine is a drug used for functional gastrointestinal disorders.
Cristo Rey High School Sacramento is a private, Roman Catholic high school in Sacramento, California, situated on the corner of Jackson and Florin-Perkins Roads.  It is in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sacramento.
Talata Volonondry (also: Talatavolonondry) is a rural commune in Analamanga Region, in the  Central Highlands of Madagascar. It belongs to the district of Antananarivo Avaradrano and its population numbers to 18,314 in 2018.
Lowe Alpine is a US outdoor equipment manufacturer founded in Utah in 1972 by brothers Mike, Greg and Jeff Lowe. Today it is owned by Rab.
"Eradicate the Doubt" is a song by Biffy Clyro and the third single from their 2003 album, The Vertigo Of Bliss, and their seventh overall single. It reached number 98 on the UK Singles Chart.
In enzymology, an L-lactate dehydrogenase (cytochrome) (EC number 1.1.2.3) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
Nizatidine is a histamine H2 receptor antagonist that inhibits stomach acid production, and is commonly used in the treatment of peptic ulcer disease and gastroesophageal reflux disease.[1]
Marcus Aemilius Scaurus was the son of Marcus Aemilius Scaurus (Praetor 56 BC) and Mucia Tertia, former wife of Pompey the Great. Sextus Pompey was his half brother.
NAPCO (Northwestern Auto Parts Company) was a four-wheel drive automobile parts manufacturing company founded in 1918.
The Val de Dagne is a valley to the south east of Carcassonne in the department of Aude in southwest France.[1][2] It forms a fiscal area of the Carcassonne arrondissement in Aude.[3]
Van der Walt is an Afrikaans surname. Notable people with the surname include:
KYYS (1250 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Regional Mexican format. The station is licensed to Kansas City, Kansas, United States.  It is currently owned by Audacy, Inc. and operations are under an LMA with Reyes Media Group.
Nampyeong Station is a railway station on the Gyeongjeon Line in South Korea.
Knowin' You're Around is the debut album by contemporary Christian musician, Twila Paris.
Lucy Addison High School was an all-African American high school founded in 1928 during Jim Crow racial segregation in Roanoke, Virginia. 
