Itani is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Gallinari is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bohanon is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Raisin is a French surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Clarkin is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Trosterud is a neighborhood in Alna borough in Oslo, Norway.
Crona is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bondevik is a Norwegian surname. Bondevik may refer to
Agents of Good Roots is an American rock band from Richmond, Virginia.
Maher Hasnaoui (born 22 September 1989) is a Tunisian cyclist.[1]
The following elections occurred in the year 1973.
Trefethen is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Jamasp was an Iranian philosopher in the time of Zoroaster.
Peter Ford is an Australian entertainment reporter.[1]
USS Picket may refer to the following ships of the United States Navy:
Vatuvei is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
At least three ships of the Brazilian Navy have borne the name Alagoas
Jean Carol (born April 13[when?]) is an American actress.
John Arthur Ferch (born February 6, 1936) is a United States diplomat.
Kaur Kender (born 27 May 1971) is an Estonian author[1] and entrepreneur.
Thirlaway is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Carosi is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Paternus was a Roman statesman who served as Consul in 269.
The year 1661 in science and technology involved some significant events.
Elm Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.[1]
This article is about the history of Sarajevo in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Marvin E. Dillman was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
This is a list of diseases starting with the letter "O".
Laurette is a female given name, a diminutive of the name Laura. 
Jopek is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Eduardo Nava (born 11 March 1997) is an American tennis player.
Gerd Schenker (born 2 June 1948) is a German percussionist.
Grise is a French surname. Notable people with the surname include:
ROKS Ulsan is the name of two Republic of Korea Navy warships:
The Dos Mangues River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
Yaak Karsunke (born 4 June 1934, Berlin) is a German author and actor.
Below are the results for season 12 (XII) of the World Poker Tour
Into the Quiet is an album by Kristy Hanson released in 2010.
Jerry Odom Bellune (born April 30, 1936) is an editor and publisher.
Kleinsasser is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Edward Robert Broaster is a Belizean police officer and writer.
Ingeniero Luiggi is a town in La Pampa Province in Argentina.[1]
Stabel is a surname which is commonly seen in Norway. It may refer to:
Ableson is a surname. People with the surname include:
Anna Ciddor (born January 1957) is an Australian author and illustrator.
Malacarne is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Mary Gideon (born 10 December 1989) is a Nigerian Badminton player.[1]
Soldiers of the Damned is a 2015 British war horror film.
Ray DiPierro (1926-2014) was a guard in the National Football League.
The 2014 municipal elections in Ontario were held on October 27, 2014.
Linnecor is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Vespasiano is an Italian masculine given name which may refer to:
Portas is a municipality in Galicia, Spain in the province of Pontevedra.
The Family Channel, Smile of a Child (English)
ABS-CBN (Philippines)
The molecular formula C12H18N2O3 (molar mass: 238.28 g/mol) may refer to:
Ehart is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.[1]
Spijkers is a Dutch surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The Speed of Darkness is a play written by Steve Tesich.
Jean Dussourd (born 1948) is a French civil servant (prefect).
Nicke is a male given name. Notable people with this name include:
Xavier Fagnon is a French actor who specializes in dubbing.
Robert Clifford (died 1423) was an English politician.
This is a list of Australian Aboriginal prehistoric sites.
Wortzel is a surname. Notable people with the surname include: PIG
Ferenc Hopp Museum of Asiatic Arts is an art museum in Budapest, Hungary.
