Geometry sets out from certain conceptions such as "plane," "point," and "straight line," with which we are able to associate more or less definite ideas, and from certain simple propositions (axioms) which, in virtue of these ideas, we are inclined to accept as "true." Then, on the basis of a logical process, the justification of which we feel ourselves compelled to admit, all remaining propositions are shown to follow from those axioms, i.e. they are proven.
But speculations on the structure of the universe also move in quite another direction. The development of non-Euclidean geometry led to the recognition of the fact, that we can cast doubt on the infiniteness of our space without coming into conflict with the laws of thought or with experience.
No man is an island, entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent, a part of the main. If a clod be washed away by the sea, Europe is the less, as well as if a promontory were, as well as if a manor of thy friend's or of thine own were: any man's death diminishes me, because I am involved in mankind, and therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for thee.
I can feel the heat closing in, feel them out there making their moves, setting up their devil doll stool pigeons, crooning over my spoon and dropper I throw away at Washington Square Station, vault a turnstile and two flights down the iron stairs, catch an uptown A train.
Thirdly, however, these wars could now be waged with the new technology of capitalism. Since this technology, through the camera and the telegraph, also transformed the reporting of war in the press, it now brought its reality more vividly before the literate public.
The creation ends in South Georgia, at the very edge of the sweet earth. Only the sky, widest of the wide, goes on, flatness against flatness. The sky appears so close that, with a long-enough extension ladder, you think you could touch it, and sometimes you do, when clouds descend in the night to set a fine pelt of dew on the grasses, leaving behind white trails of fog and mist.
The day dawned bleak and chill, a moving wall of gray light out of the northeast which, instead of dissolving into moisture, seemed to disintegrate into minute and venomous  particles, like dust that, when Dilsey opened the door of the cabin and emerged, needled laterally into her flesh, precipitating not so much a moisture as a substance partaking of the quality of thin, not quite congealed oil.
The streets were cleared by a Critical Mass bike ride and were flooded by activists dressed in second-hand suits with slogans painted on their backs. They danced in the doorsteps of office towers, formed a human chain around the Treasury and held peaceful sit-ins at several banks.
But the two men were not lonely at all. At home they were content to eat and drink, and Singer would talk with his hands eagerly to his friend about all that was in his mind. So the years passed in this quiet way until Singer reached the age of thirty-two.
Wilkinson County was a recipient of one of the new "separate but equal" schools built throughout the South as a result of the 1954 Supreme Court decision. It had been under construction on a fifty-two-acre plot in Woodville for almost a year, when I graduated in 1959.
Kid, I've flown from one side of this galaxy to the other, and I've seen a lot of strange stuff. But I've never seen anything to make me believe that there's one all-powerful Force controlling everything. There's no mystical energy field that controls MY destiny.
What good's a reward if you ain't around to use it? Besides, attacking that battle station ain't my idea of courage. It's more like... suicide.
It is a period of civil war. Rebel spaceships, striking from a hidden base, have won their first victory against the evil Galactic Empire. During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon, the Death Star, an armored space station with enough power to destroy an entire planet.
The garbage chute was a wonderful idea! What an incredible smell you've discovered! Let's get out of here!
Get it straight buster - I'm not here to say please, I'm here to tell you what to do and if self-preservation is an instinct you possess you'd better do it and do it quick! I'm here to help - if my help is not appreciated then lots of luck, gentlemen.
Ezekiel twenty-five, seventeen: The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the iniquities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he, who in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children.
Well, the way they make shows is, they make one show. That show's called a pilot. Then they show that show to the people who make shows, and on the strength of that one show they decide if they're going to make more shows. Some pilots get picked and become television programs. Some don't, become nothing. She starred in one of the ones that became nothing.
If I'm curt with you it's because time is a factor. I think fast, I talk fast and I need you guys to act fast if you wanna get out of this. So, pretty please with sugar on top. Clean the car!
Do you know what they call a Quarter-pounder with cheese in France? Royale with cheese. Do you know why they call it a Royale with cheese? Because of the metric system.
How many roads must a man walk down before you call him a man? Yes, and how many seas must a white dove sail before she sleeps in the sand? Yes, and how many times must the cannon balls fly before they're forever banned? The answer, my friend, is blowin' in the wind; the answer is blowin' in the wind.
Hey Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me, I'm not sleepy and there is no place I'm going to; Hey Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me, in the jingle jangle morning I'll come followin' you.
The problem is, Willie, is that Charles and yourself are not the quickest of cats at the best of times. So just do as I say and keep the cage locked!
You could choke a dozen donkeys on that! And you're haggling over one hundred pound? What do you do when you're not buying stereos, Nick? Finance revolutions? You've got Liberia's deficit in your skyrocket!
Let's sort the buyers from the spiers, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't, because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping. You're up here shoplifting. Anyone like jewelry?
Let's sort the buyers from the spiers, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't, because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping. You're up here shoplifting. Anyone like jewelry? Look at that one there. Handmade in Italy, hand-stolen in Stepney. It's as long as my arm. Here - one price - ten pound. 
What should have been swift revenge turned into an all out war. The City of God was divided. You couldn't go from one section to the other, not even to visit a relative. The cops considered anyone living in the slum a hoodlum. People got used to living in Vietnam, and more and more volunteers signed up to die. 
So I'm two inches away from her. Her luscious lips part. Just as I'm about to kiss her, she looks at me and she says, "What's your name?" Gogol Ganguli. End of seduction 101.
We turn away to face the cold, enduring chill, as the day begs the night for mercy love. The sun so bright it leaves no shadows, only scars, carved into stone on the face of earth. The moon is up and over One Tree Hill we see the sun go down in your eyes.
And in the world a heart of darkness, a firezone, where poets speak their hearts then bleed for it. Jara sang, his song a weapon, in the hands of love. You know his blood still cries from the ground. It runs like a river to the sea.  We run like a river runs to the sea.
We turn away to face the cold, enduring chill, as the day begs the night for mercy love. The sun so bright it leaves no shadows, only scars, carved into stone on the face of earth. The moon is up and over One Tree Hill we see the sun go down in your eyes.
I don't believe in painted roses or bleeding hearts while bullets rape the night of the merciful.  I'll see you again when the stars fall from the sky and the moon has turned red over One Tree Hill.
And you know it's time to go, through the sleet and driving snow, across the fields of mourning, light in the distance. And you hunger for the time - time to heal, desire time, and your earth moves beneath your own dream landscape.
Comfortable, Mullet? It seems sadly ironic that it's that tie that's got you into this pickle. Now you just take all the time you want. You can play some music if you like.
Throughout my academic career, I'd given some pretty good talks. But being considered the best speaker in the Computer Science department is like being known as the tallest of the Seven Dwarfs.
No matter how bad things are, you can always make things worse.  At the same time, it is often within your power to make them better. I learned this lesson well on New Year's Eve, 2001.
I was hugely impressed.  Kirk, I mean Shatner, was the ultimate example of a man who knew what he didn't know, was perfectly willing to admit it, and didn't want to leave until he understood.  That's heroic to me.
Whenever you watch the mind, you withdraw consciousness from mind forms, and it then becomes what we call the watcher or the witness. When consciousness frees itself from identification with physical and mental forms, it becomes what we may call pure or enlightened consciousness, or presence.
Whenever you watch the mind, you withdraw consciousness from mind forms, and it then becomes what we call the watcher or the witness.
Step out the front door like a ghost into the fog where no one notices the contrast of white on white. And in between the moon and you the angels get a better view of the crumbling difference between wrong and right. I walk in the air between the rain through myself and back again. Where? I don't know.
Overhead the albatross hangs motionless upon the air and deep beneath the rolling waves, in labyrinths of coral caves - the echo of a distant tide comes willowing across the sand, and everything is green and submarine.
Hello, hello, hello, is there anybody in there? Just nod if you can hear me. Is there anyone home? Come on, come on, out, I hear you're feeling down. I can ease your pain and get you on your feet again. Relax, relax, relax, I need some information first. Just the basic facts, can you show me where it hurts?
There is no pain, you are receding. A distant ship smoke on the horizon. You are only coming through in waves. Your lips move but I can't hear what you're saying. When I was a child, I had a fever. My hands felt just like two balloons. Now I've got that feeling once again. I can't explain you will not understand. This is not how I am.
There is no pain, you are receding. A distant ship smoke on the horizon. You are only coming through in waves. Your lips move but I can't hear what you're saying.
Run to the bedroom, in the suitcase on the left, you'll find my favorite axe. Don't look so frightened, this is just a passing phase - one of my bad days. Would you like to watch TV? Or get between the sheets? Or contemplate the silent freeway? Would you like something to eat? Would you like to learn to fly? Would you like to see me try? Would you like to call the cops? Do you think it's time I stopped? Why are you running away...
We don't need no education. We don't need no thought control. No dark sarcasm in the classroom - teachers leave them kids alone! All in all it's just another brick in the wall.
We don't need no education. We don't need no thought control. No dark sarcasm in the classroom - teachers leave them kids alone! All in all it's just another brick in the wall.  "If you don't eat yer meat, you can't have any pudding. How can you have any pudding if you don't eat yer meat?"
Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day, you fritter and waste the hours in an off-hand way. Kicking around on a piece of ground in your home town, waiting for someone or something to show you the way.
Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day, you fritter and waste the hours in an off-hand way. Kicking around on a piece of ground in your home town, waiting for someone or something to show you the way. Tired of lying in the sunshine, staying home to watch the rain. You are young and life is long, and there is time to kill today. And then, one day you find, ten years have got behind you, no one told you when to run, you missed the starting gun.
My entire life had been on a predictable trajectory dominated by a couple of university degrees and thirteen years of white-collar employment.  My identity was defined by my career.  I now planned a radical shift, a big leap into the unknown:  from corporate executive to unemployed guy setting up libraries in the Himalayas.
Look, you should admit to yourself that Microsoft will miss you for a month or two. Someone will quickly fill the void. It will be like you never worked there. Ask yourself, "Are there thousands lining up to help poor villages build schools and libraries?"
Space is big. Really big. You just won't believe how vastly hugely mindbogglingly big it is. I mean you may think it's a long way down the road to the chemist, but that's just peanuts to space.
Is it really necessary to send that email? The more emails you send, the more work others will have to do to prioritize your requests.  How many of the things you're mentioning are important? If you have 10 issues to discuss, break them into two groups and focus on the most important group.
As if that blind rage had washed me clean, rid me of hope; for the first time, in that night alive with signs and stars, I opened myself to the gentle indifference of the world.
As if that blind rage had washed me clean, rid me of hope; for the first time, in that night alive with signs and stars, I opened myself to the gentle indifference of the world. Finding it so much like myself, I felt that I had been happy and that I was happy again.
Images of broken light which dance before me like a million eyes - they call me on and on across the universe.  Thoughts meander like a restless wind inside a letter box - they tumble blindly as they make their way across the universe.
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands, and then to work outward from there. Other people can talk about how to expand the destiny of mankind. I just want to talk about how to fix a motorcycle. I think that what I have to say has more lasting value.
If you're working out in front of a mirror and watching your muscles grow, your ego has reached a point where it is now eating itself. That's why I believe there should be a psychiatrist at every health club, so that when they see you doing this, they will take you away for a little chat.
The chemistry of an element is determined by the manner in which its electrons are arranged in the atom. Such arrangements are the basis of the modern periodic classification of the elements: the Periodic Table. 
The treatment of atoms with more than one electron requires consideration of the effects of interelectronic repulsion, orbital penetration towards the nuclear shielding, and an extra quantum number which specifies the intrinsic energy of the electron in any orbital.  All these considerations are necessary to allow construction of the modern form of the periodic classification of the elements.
I thought climbing the Devil's Thumb would fix all that was wrong with my life. In the end, of course, it changed almost nothing. But I came to appreciate that mountains make poor receptacles for dreams. And I lived to tell my tale.
And I said, I don't care if they lay me off either, because I told Bill that if they move my desk one more time, then I'm quitting, I'm going to quit.
And I said, I don't care if they lay me off either, because I told Bill that if they move my desk one more time, then I'm quitting, I'm going to quit. They've moved my desk four times already this year, and I used to be over by the window, and I could see the squirrels, and they were married, but then, they switched from the Swingline to the Boston stapler, but I kept my Swingline stapler.
Do you smell that? Napalm, son. Nothing else in the world smells like that. I love the smell of napalm in the morning. You know, one time we had a hill bombed, for twelve hours. Smelled like victory. Someday this war's gonna end.
The inner surface of the cell wall touches the cytoplasmic membrane. The cytoplasmic membrane contains proteins that span the lipid bilayer. The bacterial cytoplasmic membrane (unlike that of animals) has no cholesterol or other sterols.
If you are given too many choices, if you are forced to consider much more than your unconscious is comfortable with, you get paralyzed.  Snap judgments can be made in a snap because they are frugal, and if we want to protect our snap judgments, we have to take steps to protect that frugality.
"This man right here," McGuinness said, pointing at Kenna, "he's going to change the world."  That was his instinctive feeling, and the manager of a band like U2 is a man who knows music.
"This man right here," McGuinness said, pointing at Kenna, "he's going to change the world."  That was his instinctive feeling, and the manager of a band like U2 is a man who knows music. But the people whose world Kenna was supposed to be changing, it seemed, couldn't disagree more.
"This man right here," McGuinness said, pointing at Kenna, "he's going to change the world."  That was his instinctive feeling, and the manager of a band like U2 is a man who knows music. But the people whose world Kenna was supposed to be changing, it seemed, couldn't disagree more, and when the results of all of the consumer research came in, Kenna's once promising career suddenly stalled.
A giant inverted steel pyramid is perfectly balanced on its point. Any movement of the pyramid will cause it to topple over.  Underneath the pyramid is a hundred dollar bill.  How do you remove the bill without disturbing the pyramid? The only way you can get the answer is if it comes to you suddenly in the blink of an eye.
San Francisco in the middle sixties was a very special time and place to be a part of. But no explanation, no mix of words or music or memories can touch that sense of knowing that you were there and alive in that corner of time and the world.
Has it been five years? Six? It seems like a lifetime, the kind of peak that never comes again. San Francisco in the middle sixties was a very special time and place to be a part of. But no explanation, no mix of words or music or memories can touch that sense of knowing that you were there and alive in that corner of time and the world. Whatever it meant. 
The pathology of setting a deadline to the earliest articulable date essentially guarantees that the schedule will be missed. Even the strategy of picking the "most likely date" is not particularly safe, as the area to the left of the peak of the curve is barely a third. That says there is a two-thirds chance of missing the deadline.
The unknown future rolls toward us. I face it for the first time with a sense of hope, because if a machine, a Terminator, can learn the value of human life, maybe we can, too.
The terminator wouldn't stop, it would never leave him. It would never hurt him or shout at him or get drunk and hit him or say it was too busy to spend time with him. And it would die to protect him. Of all the would-be fathers that came over the years, this thing, this machine, was the only thing that measured up.
The terminator wouldn't stop, it would never leave him. It would never hurt him or shout at him or get drunk and hit him or say it was too busy to spend time with him. And it would die to protect him. Of all the would-be fathers that came over the years, this thing, this machine, was the only thing that measured up. In an insane world, it was the sanest choice. 
If there is one thing the history of evolution has taught us it's that life will not be contained. Life breaks free, expands to new territory, and crashes through barriers, painfully, maybe even dangerously. 
Maybe what I think Tasty Wheat tasted like actually tasted like oatmeal, or tuna fish. That makes you wonder about a lot of things. You take chicken, for example: maybe they couldn't figure out what to make chicken taste like, which is why chicken tastes like everything.
The Orient was almost a European invention, and had been since antiquity a place of romance, exotic beings, haunting memories and landscapes, remarkable experiences. Now it was disappearing; in a sense it had happened, its time was over.
They had been given a sign - a powerful, lucid sign - that urban herding and its concomitant technologies are not the proper way to partake of this planet's hospitality. (Actually, there are countless ways to live upon this tremorous sphere in mirth and good health, and probably only one way - the industrialized, urbanized, herding way - to live here stupidly, and man has hit upon that one wrong way.)
Time is tricky. You have whole months, even years, when nothing changes a speck, when you don't go anywhere or do anything or think one new thought. And then you can get hit with a day, or an hour, or a half a second when so much happens it's almost like you got born all over again into some brand-new person you for damn sure never expected to meet.
Common knowledge has bicyclists always riding into the wind, regardless of direction, a perception that is not as wrong as it may seem. On level ground, one rides as fast as is comfortable and because the bicycle is highly efficient, speed is limited by wind resistance. With a tailwind, speeding up until the wind is in one's face is fairly easy, and at that point it becomes a headwind.
We sit silently and watch the world around us. This has taken us a lifetime to learn. It seems only the old are able to sit next to one another and not say anything and still feel content. The young, brash and impatient, must always break the silence. It is a waste, for silence is pure.
We sit silently and watch the world around us. This has taken us a lifetime to learn. It seems only the old are able to sit next to one another and not say anything and still feel content. The young, brash and impatient, must always break the silence. It is a waste, for silence is pure. Silence is holy. It draws people together because only those who are comfortable with each other can sit without speaking. This is the great paradox.
The time I waited seemed endless, and I felt doubts and fears crowding upon me. What sort of place had I come to, and among what kind of people? What sort of grim adventure was it on which I had embarked?
I rejected those answers; instead, I chose something different. I chose the impossible. I chose Rapture, a city where the artist would not fear the censor. Where the scientist would not be bound by petty morality. Where the great would not be constrained by the small! And with the sweat of your brow, Rapture can become your city as well.
The example of painting can teach us not only how to manage our own work, but how to work together. A lot of the great art of the past is the work of multiple hands, though there may only be one name on the wall next to it in the museum.
Like painting, most software is intended for a human audience. And so hackers, like painters, must have empathy to do really great work. You have to be able to see things from the user's point of view.
Few smart kids can spare the attention that popularity requires. Unless they also happen to be good-looking, natural athletes, or siblings of popular kids, they'll tend to become nerds. And that's why smart people's lives are worst between, say, the ages of eleven and seventeen. Life at that age revolves far more around popularity than before or after.
Popularity is only partially about individual attractiveness. It's much more about alliances. To become more popular, you need to be constantly doing things that bring you close to other popular people, and nothing brings people closer than a common enemy.
Because they're at the bottom of the scale, nerds are a safe target for the entire school. If I remember correctly, the most popular kids don't persecute nerds; they don't need to stoop to such things. Most of the persecution comes from kids lower down, the nervous middle classes.
Data is by definition easy to copy. And the Internet makes copies easy to distribute. So it is no wonder companies are afraid. But, as so often happens, fear has clouded their judgment. The government has responded with draconian laws to protect intellectual property. They probably mean well. But they may not realize that such laws will do more harm than good.
It is greatly to America's advantage that it is a congenial atmosphere for the right sort of unruliness - that it is a home not just for the smart, but for the smart-alecks. And hackers are invariably smart-alecks. If we had a national holiday, it would be April 1st.
Anyway, like I was saying, shrimp is the fruit of the sea. You can barbecue it, boil it, broil it, bake it, saute it. There's shrimp-kabobs, shrimp creole, shrimp gumbo. Pan fried, deep fried, stir-fried.
I thought maybe I'd run to the end of town. And when I got there, I thought maybe I'd just run across Greenbow County. And I figured, since I run this far, maybe I'd just run across the great state of Alabama.
That day, for no particular reason, I decided to go for a little run. So I ran to the end of the road. And when I got there, I thought maybe I'd run to the end of town. And when I got there, I thought maybe I'd just run across Greenbow County. And I figured, since I run this far, maybe I'd just run across the great state of Alabama.
If we all go for the blonde and block each other, not a single one of us is going to get her. So then we go for her friends, but they will all give us the cold shoulder because no one likes to be second choice. But what if none of us goes for the blonde? We won't get in each other's way and we won't insult the other girls. It's the only way to win.
I still see things that are not here. I just choose not to acknowledge them. Like a diet of the mind, I just choose not to indulge certain appetites; like my appetite for patterns; perhaps my appetite to imagine and to dream. 
Yes, the newspapers were right: snow was general all over Ireland. It was falling on every part of the dark central plain, on the treeless hills, falling softly upon the Bog of Allen and, farther westward, softly falling into the dark mutinous Shannon waves.
I drew the blankets over my head and tried to think of Christmas. But the grey face still followed me. It murmured, and I understood that it desired to confess something. I felt my soul receding into some pleasant and vicious region; and there again I found it waiting for me.
I drew the blankets over my head and tried to think of Christmas. But the grey face still followed me. It murmured, and I understood that it desired to confess something.
It was a marvelous night, the sort of night one only experiences when one is young. The sky was so bright, and there were so many stars that, gazing upward, one could not help wondering how so many whimsical wicked people could live under such a sky.
It was a marvelous night, the sort of night one only experiences when one is young. The sky was so bright, and there were so many stars.
I suddenly had the impression that I had been left all alone, that everyone was shrinking away from me, avoiding me. You are, of course, right to ask who that everyone is, for although I've lived in Petersburg for eight years now, I haven't managed to make a single friend.
I had the impression of being abandoned by everyone when the whole city rose and left for the summer. I was afraid to be left alone, and for three days I roamed dejectedly through the city, unable to understand what was happening to me. Whether I went to Nevsky Avenue, to the park, or wandered along the embankments, I never came across the people I was accustomed to meet in certain spots at certain hours all year round. They, of course, didn't know me; but I knew them all right.
I had the impression of being abandoned by everyone when the whole city rose and left for the summer. Whether I went to Nevsky Avenue, to the park, or wandered along the embankments, I never came across the people I was accustomed to meet in certain spots at certain hours all year round. They, of course, didn't know me; but I knew them all right.
I'd been walking for hours and, as usual, I'd lost track of where I was, when I suddenly realized I'd reached the city limits. I immediately felt happy and, without hesitation, passed beyond the barrier and found myself walking between cultivated fields and meadows. I didn't feel tired at all. On the contrary, every joint in me was as relaxed as if a load had been lifted from my shoulders.
I'd been walking for hours and, as usual, I'd lost track of where I was, when I suddenly realized I'd reached the city limits. I immediately felt happy and, without hesitation, passed beyond the barrier and found myself walking between cultivated fields and meadows.
To evaluate an option from the other side's point of view, consider how they might be criticized if they adopted it. Write out a sentence or two illustrating what the other side's most powerful critic might say about the decision you are thinking of asking for.
You have a class of young strong men and women, and they want to give their lives to something. Advertising has these people chasing cars and clothes they don't need. Generations have been working in jobs they hate, just so they can buy what they don't really need.
Advertising has these people chasing cars and clothes they don't need. Generations have been working in jobs they hate, just so they can buy what they don't really need.
Today, you people are no longer maggots. Today, you are Marines. You're part of a brotherhood. From now on until the day you die, wherever you are, every Marine is your brother. Most of you will go to Vietnam. Some of you will not come back. But the Marine Corps lives forever. And that means YOU live forever.
At the time when Britain faced a plunge into chaos and darkness, a hero emerged who not only succeeded in getting the feuding tribes to work together against their common enemy, but led them in a series of smashing victories that established him as a figure of great power and importance - a figure ripe for developing into the myth-laden king of later accounts.
Chance and chance alone has a message for us. Everything that occurs out of necessity, everything expected, repeated day in and day out, is mute. Only chance can speak to us. We read its message much as gypsies read the images made by coffee grounds at the bottom of a cup.
Chance and chance alone has a message for us. Everything that occurs out of necessity, everything expected, repeated day in and day out, is mute.
I've always wondered about this coat business. When I'm in a theater, I either fold mine in my lap or throw it over my armrest, but Patsy always spreads hers out, acting as if the seat back were cold, and she couldn't possibly enjoy herself while it was suffering.
The only preventive thing I do is wash clothes after buying them in a thrift shop - this after catching crabs from a pair of used pants. I was in my midtwenties at the time and probably would have itched myself all the way to the bone had a friend not taken me to a drugstore.
The only message I got was from the company that holds my student loan, Sallie Mae.  Sallie Mae sounds like a naive and barefoot hillbilly girl but in fact they are a ruthless and aggressive conglomeration of bullies located in a tall brick building somewhere in Kansas. I picture it to be the tallest building in that state and I have decided they hire their employees straight out of prison.
The only message I got was from the company that holds my student loan, Sallie Mae.  Sallie Mae sounds like a naive and barefoot hillbilly girl but in fact they are a ruthless and aggressive conglomeration of bullies located in a tall brick building somewhere in Kansas.
In order to become an elf I filled out ten pages' worth of forms, took a multiple choice personality test, underwent two interviews and a drug test.  The first interview was general, designed to eliminate obvious sociopaths. During the second interview we were asked why we wanted to be elves.
In order to become an elf I filled out ten pages' worth of forms, took a multiple choice personality test, underwent two interviews and a drug test.
Who is Keyser Soze? He is supposed to be Turkish. Some say his father was German. Nobody believed he was real. Nobody ever saw him or knew anybody that ever worked directly for him, but to hear Kobayashi tell it, anybody could have worked for Soze. You never knew. That was his power. The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist.
Who is Keyser Soze? He is supposed to be Turkish. Some say his father was German. Nobody believed he was real. The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist.
Any finite number divided by infinity is as near to nothing as makes no odds, so the average population of all the planets in the Universe can be said to be zero. From this it follows that the population of the whole Universe is also zero, and that any people you may meet from time to time are merely the products of a deranged imagination.
A glooming peace this morning with it brings. The sun for sorrow will not show its head. Go hence to have more talk of these sad things. Some shall be pardoned and some punished. For never was a story of more woe than this of Juliet and her Romeo.
Two households, both alike in dignity (in fair Verona, where we lay our scene), from ancient grudge break to new mutiny, where civil blood makes civil hands unclean. From forth the fatal loins of these two foes a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life; whose misadventured piteous overthrows doth with their death bury their parents' strife.
Tis but thy name that is my enemy. Thou art thyself, though not a Montague. What's Montague? It is nor hand, nor foot, nor arm, nor face, nor any other part belonging to a man. O, be some other name! What's in a name? That, which we call a rose by any other word would smell as sweet.
When I really worry about something, I don't just fool around. I even have to go to the bathroom when I worry about something. Only I don't go. I'm too worried to go. I'm too worried to interrupt my worrying to go.
If you really want to hear about it, the first thing you'll probably want to know is where I was born, and what my lousy childhood was like, and how my parents were occupied and all before they had me, and all that David Copperfield kind of crap, but I don't feel like going into it, if you want to know the truth.
A lot of people, especially this one psychoanalyst guy they have here, keeps asking me if I'm going to apply myself when I go back to school next September. It's such a stupid question, in my opinion. I mean, how do you know what you're going to do till you do it? The answer is, you don't. I think I am, but how do I know? I swear it's such a stupid question.
But, pray how could that which I spoke so many years ago, and at about five thousand leagues distance, in another reign, be applied to any of the Yahoos, who now are said to govern the herd; especially at a time when I little thought, or feared, the unhappiness of living under them?
Double, double, toil and trouble; fire burn, and cauldron bubble. Fillet of a fenny snake, in the cauldron boil and bake, eye of newt and toe of frog, wool of bat and tongue of dog, adder's fork and blind-worm's sting, lizard's leg and owlet's wing, for a charm of powerful trouble, like a hell-broth boil and bubble.
We've known each other for many years but this is the first time you've ever come to me for counsel or for help. I can't remember the last time you invited me to your house for a cup of coffee, even though my wife is Godmother to your only child. But, let's be frank here. You never wanted my friendship and you were afraid to be in my debt.
We've known each other for many years but this is the first time you've ever come to me for counsel or for help. I can't remember the last time you invited me to your house for a cup of coffee, even though my wife is Godmother to your only child.
You found paradise in America. You had a good trade, made a good living, the police protected you and there were courts of law and you didn't need a friend like me. But, now you come to me and you say, "Don Corleone, give me justice." But you don't ask with respect. You don't offer friendship. You don't even think to call me Godfather. 
Now you come to me and you say, "Don Corleone, give me justice." But you don't ask with respect. You don't offer friendship. You don't even think to call me Godfather. 
And if by chance an honest man like yourself should make enemies then they would become my enemies. And then, they would fear you. 
I said that I would see you because I had heard that you were a serious man. A man to be treated with respect but I must say no to you and I will give you my reasons. It's true, I have a lot of friends in politics. But they wouldn't be so friendly if they knew my business was drugs instead of gambling which they consider a harmless vice, but drugs, that's a dirty business. 
A long time ago, I was in Burma, my friends and I were working for the local government. They were trying to buy the loyalty of tribal leaders by bribing them with precious stones. But their caravans were being raided in a forest north of Rangoon by a bandit. So we went looking for the stones. But in six months, we never found anyone who traded with him. Then, one day I saw a child playing with a ruby the size of a tangerine. The bandit had been throwing them away.
Caravans were being raided in a forest north of Rangoon by a bandit. So we went looking for the stones, but in six months, we never found anyone who traded with him. Then, one day I saw a child playing with a ruby the size of a tangerine. The bandit had been throwing them away.
Let me get this straight. You think that your client, one of the wealthiest, most powerful men in the world, is secretly a vigilante who spends his nights beating criminals to a pulp with his bare hands? And your plan is to blackmail this person?
Do I really look like a guy with a plan? You know what I am? I'm a dog chasing cars. I wouldn't know what to do with one if I caught it. You know, I just do things. The mob has plans, the cops have plans, you know, they're schemers. Schemers trying to control their worlds. I'm not a schemer. I try to show the schemers how pathetic their attempts to control things really are.
Do I really look like a guy with a plan? You know what I am? I'm a dog chasing cars. I wouldn't know what to do with one if I caught it. You know, I just do things. I'm not a schemer. I try to show the schemers how pathetic their attempts to control things really are.
It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting, he thought, as he looked again at the position of the sun, and hurried his pace. He had suddenly remembered that, in Tarifa, there was an old woman who interpreted dreams.
It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting, he thought, as he looked again at the position of the sun, and hurried his pace.
He had spent enormous amounts of time at the great libraries of the world, and had purchased all the rarest and most important volumes on alchemy. In one he had read that, many years ago, a famous Arabian alchemist had visited Europe. It was said that he had discovered the Philosopher's Stone and the Elixir of Life. 
Many years ago, a famous Arabian alchemist had visited Europe. It was said that he had discovered the Philosopher's Stone and the Elixir of Life. 
He canceled all his commitments and pulled together the most important of his books, and now here he was sitting inside a dusty, smelly warehouse. Outside, a huge caravan was being prepared for a crossing of the Sahara, and was scheduled to pass through Al-Fayoum.
The most precious treasures we have in life are the images we store in the memory banks of our brains. The sum of these stored experiences is responsible for our sense of personal identity and our sense of connectedness to those around us.
Language is one of the keys to being human. It allows us to communicate with other human beings and to leave a legacy of our thoughts and actions for future generations.  The dominant temporal lobe helps to process sounds and written words into meaningful information.
In short order, Carter then proceeded to kill any chance he had of securing reelection. In American political discourse, fundamental threats are by definition external. Nazi Germany, Imperial Japan, or international communism could threaten the United States.  Yet Carter now dared to suggest that the real danger to American democracy lay within.
Prior to the 1970's, because the United States had long been the world's number one producer of petroleum, American companies determined the global price of oil. In 1972, domestic oil production peaked and then began its inexorable, irreversible decline. The year before, the prerogative of setting the price of crude oil had passed into the hands of a new producer group, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries.
In 1972, domestic oil production peaked and then began its inexorable, irreversible decline. The year before, the prerogative of setting the price of crude oil had passed into the hands of a new producer group, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries.
For it is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to apply it well. The greatest souls are capable of the greatest vices as well as the greatest virtues. And those who proceed only very slowly can make much greater progress, provided they always follow the right path, than those who hurry and stray from it.
For it is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to apply it well. The greatest souls are capable of the greatest vices as well as the greatest virtues.
Those who proceed only very slowly can make much greater progress, provided they always follow the right path, than those who hurry and stray from it.
All that year the animals worked like slaves. But they were happy in their work; they grudged no effort or sacrifice, well aware that everything that they did was for the benefit of themselves and those of their kind who would come after them.
All that year the animals worked like slaves. But they were happy in their work; they grudged no effort or sacrifice, well aware that everything that they did was for the benefit of themselves and those of their kind who would come after them, and not for a pack of idle, thieving human beings.
There is a theory which states that if anybody ever discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened.
There is a theory which states that if anybody ever discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable.
For centuries, the battle of morality was fought between those who claimed that your life belongs to God and those who claimed that it belongs to your neighbors. And no one came to say that your life belongs to you and that the good is to live it.
Whether you're a student, secretary, office administrator, manager, computer programmer, or engineer; whether you use a PC, laptop, or typewriter -  typing is an invaluable skill. It's a skill that can open doors and enhance your career opportunities. In this high-tech world of computer-generated communications, anyone who can't type runs the risk of being excluded from many business transactions.
Whether you're a student, secretary, office administrator, manager, computer programmer, or engineer, typing is an invaluable skill. It's a skill that can open doors and enhance your career opportunities.
Whether you use a PC, laptop, or typewriter -  typing is an invaluable skill. It's a skill that can open doors and enhance your career opportunities.
When you are typing on a typewriter, your input appears directly on paper.  When you are typing on a computer, your input appears on a screen and is transferred to paper after the proper command has been given.
Even the best-designed chair won't make up for bad posture. Bad posture is the root of many physical problems. So sit upright and don't slouch. Your back should be straight to support the upper part of your body.
Commas and periods always go inside quotation marks. Colons and semicolons always go outside quotation marks.  Question marks and exclamation points go inside quotation marks when they apply to the quoted material only. They go outside when they apply to the entire sentence.
Commas and periods always go inside quotation marks. Colons and semicolons always go outside quotation marks.
Question marks and exclamation points go inside quotation marks when they apply to the quoted material only. They go outside when they apply to the entire sentence.
Ergonomics is a term that combines the Greek word ergon, meaning "work," and the English word economics.  Simply stated, it is "the study and management of the relationship between the worker and the environment."
A computer needs a manager to administer its operations, just as a company needs a manager.  And that is what DOS is. A manager.
A computer needs a manager to administer its operations, just as a company needs a manager.  And that is what DOS is. A manager. It manages the operations in your computer.
Your primary objective should be to touch-type; that is, to type without looking at your fingers. If you turn your head back and forth between the keyboard and the copy, you will not only give yourself a stiff neck but will also slow down, make errors, and lose your place.
Your primary objective should be to touch-type; that is, to type without looking at your fingers.
There is a trick for learning to type faster. That trick is to type words rather than letters.
Imagine considering "if" as a two-finger movement instead of two single-finger movements: Thus, whenever you saw the word "if" you would immediately start twitching your right forefinger and left forefinger (preferably in the correct order).  This would definitely increase your response time and speed up your keyboarding.
Imagine words like "if" as a two-finger movement instead of two single-finger movements.  This would definitely increase your response time and speed up your keyboarding.
The ultimate way to compose is to be able to keyboard as fast as you can think. This is not easy to do, but your goal should be at least to develop the ability to think of the word and have the appropriate fingers tap the appropriate keys without interrupting the thinking process so your thoughts can flow onto the screen.
The ultimate way to compose is to be able to keyboard as fast as you can think so your thoughts can flow onto the screen.
The world of typing has changed. In the 1970s, every business had rooms full of secretaries whose job it was to type letters that had been hand-written.  They were copying the writing into a more readable format.  In the early 1980s, the personal computer became a common office machine.
Keying text quickly is important, but it is more important to be able to make it look professional. Presenting text is more than just placing one letter after another. Making the text readable involves positioning, style, and size.
Keying text quickly is important, but it is more important to be able to make it look professional. Making the text readable involves positioning, style, and size.
Too often writers believe that they can emphasize words by putting them in all capital letters. The only problem is that when all capital letters are used, the ability to read the words is reduced dramatically because all the letters are rectangles. A more effective way to emphasize words is sparingly to use bold, italics, underline, and combinations of these styles.
Your ring finger is the most difficult of all fingers to control. You will notice that when you move your ring finger your other fingers will move involuntarily as well.  This is something that will become less of a problem as you perfect your keyboarding skills.
Take a break. Shake your hands loosely at the wrists. Stretch your arms above your head. Slowly turn your head from side to side. Stand up and walk around a little to relax your body.
On a manual typewriter, strike the key with a nice sharp stroke - not a hard stroke, but a fast one. The sound should be sharp and quick. If you are pushing your keys rather than striking them, the sound will be mushy.
All typewriters are adjusted to type 6 lines to the inch from top to bottom.  You should leave a top margin of one and a half inches (9 lines).
The typewriter had a problem, though. Try to type quickly on it, and the type bars banged into one another and got stuck. The solution to that problem resulted in the keyboard we know today.
Sholes consulted with an educator who helped him analyze the most common pairings of letters in the English language. He then split up those letters so that their type bars were farther apart and less likely to jam. That in turn dictated the layout of the keyboard - known as QWERTY, for the first five letters in the upper row. In a manner of speaking, he slowed down the typists to prevent jamming, and thus speed up the typing.
Sholes consulted with an educator who helped him analyze the most common pairings of letters in the English language. He then split up those letters so that their type bars were farther apart and less likely to jam. That in turn dictated the layout of the keyboard - known as QWERTY, for the first five letters in the upper row.
Sholes split up the most common pairings of letters in the English language so that their type bars were farther apart and less likely to jam. That in turn dictated the layout of the keyboard - known as QWERTY, for the first five letters in the upper row.
In 1873 the Sholes & Glidden Type Writer became the first to be mass produced, and its keyboard layout was soon standard on all typewriters. Other keyboard layouts have been created since, such as the Blickensderfer and the Dvorak, and some are demonstrably more efficient, but the original continues to thrive. It is a telling demonstration of the power of inertia and the reward of being first.
Other keyboard layouts have been created since, and some are demonstrably more efficient, but the original continues to thrive. It is a telling demonstration of the power of inertia and the reward of being first.
Other keyboard layouts have been created since, but the original continues to thrive. It is a telling demonstration of the power of inertia and the reward of being first.
Typing competitions provided another test of the Qwerty keyboard. These competitions are somewhat underplayed in the conventional history.  In fact, typing contests and demonstrations of speed were fairly common during this period. They involved many different machines, with various manufacturers claiming to hold the speed record.
Typing competitions provided another test of the Qwerty keyboard. These competitions are somewhat underplayed in the conventional history. They involved many different machines, with various manufacturers claiming to hold the speed record.
Under the headline "Wonderful Typing," the New York Times reported on a typing demonstration given the previous day in Brooklyn by a Thomas Osborne of Rochester, New York. The Times reported that Mr. Osborne "holds the championship for fast typing, having accomplished 126 words a minute at Toronto August 13, 1888."
According to the popular story, the keyboard invented by August Dvorak, a professor of education at the University of Washington, is vastly superior to the Qwerty keyboard developed by Christopher Sholes that is now in common use. We are to believe that, although the Dvorak keyboard is vastly superior to the Qwerty, virtually no one trains on Dvorak because there are too few Dvorak typists.
That Qwerty survived significant challenges early in the history of typewriting demonstrates that it is at least among the reasonably fit, even if not the fittest that can be imagined.
These contests provided ample opportunity to demonstrate the superiority of alternative keyboard arrangements. That Qwerty survived significant challenges early in the history of typewriting demonstrates that it is at least among the reasonably fit, even if not the fittest that can be imagined.
The evidence in the standard history of Qwerty versus Dvorak is flawed and incomplete. First, the claims for the superiority of the Dvorak keyboard are suspect. The most dramatic claims are traceable to Dvorak himself, and the best-documented experiments, as well as recent ergonomic studies, suggest little or no advantage for the Dvorak keyboard.
I'd just like to point out that you were given every opportunity to succeed. There was even going to be a party for you. A big party that all your friends were invited to. I invited your best friend the companion cube. Of course, he couldn't come because you murdered him. All your other friends couldn't come either because you don't have any other friends.
Since every piece of matter in the Universe is in some way affected by every other piece of matter in the Universe, it is in theory possible to extrapolate the whole of creation - every sun, every planet, their orbits, their composition and their economic and social history from, say, one small piece of fairy cake.
This planet has, or rather had, a problem, which was this: most of the people on it were unhappy for pretty much of the time. Many solutions were suggested for this problem, but most of these were largely concerned with the movements of small green pieces of paper, which is odd because on the whole it wasn't the small green pieces of paper that were unhappy. 
The Earth is a world, the world is a ball, a ball in a game with no rules at all.  And just as I wonder at the beauty of it all, you go and drop it and it breaks and falls.
We've arranged a global civilization in which most crucial elements profoundly depend on science and technology. We have also arranged things so that almost no one understands science and technology. This is a prescription for disaster. 
In the witch trials, it was nearly impossible to provide compelling alibis for accused witches: The rules of evidence had a special character. For example, in more than one case a husband attested that his wife was asleep in his arms at the very moment she was accused of frolicking with the devil; but the archbishop patiently explained that a demon had taken the place of the wife.
Lucid but wholly false recollections can easily be induced by a few cues and questions.  Memory can be contaminated. False memories can be implanted even in minds that do not consider themselves vulnerable and uncritical.
Lucid but wholly false recollections can easily be induced by a few cues and questions.  Memory can be contaminated.
At first they had tried to keep the finding quiet. After all, they were not absolutely sure it was an extraterrestrial message. A premature or mistaken announcement would be a public relations disaster. But worse than that, it would interfere with the data analysis.  If the press descended, the science would surely suffer.
At first they had tried to keep the finding quiet. After all, they were not absolutely sure it was an extraterrestrial message. A premature or mistaken announcement would be a public relations disaster.
At first they had tried to keep the finding quiet. After all, they were not absolutely sure it was an extraterrestrial message.
One respondent said "For women - a lot of games are crap - they're about armies and shooting.  Ninety percent of games are not what I consider provocative for a broad audience."  This seems to be a common concern.
Humans need to practice what they are learning a good deal before they master it. Furthermore, they tend to lose a good deal of their learning when they cease to practice the skills associated with this learning in their daily lives.
Good games offer players a set of challenging problems and then let them practice these until they have routinized their mastery.
Good games stay within, but at the outer edge, of the player's regime of competence. That is, they feel doable but challenging. This makes them pleasantly frustrating - a flow state for human beings.
Good games stay within, but at the outer edge, of the player's regime of competence. That is, they feel doable but challenging. This makes them pleasantly frustrating.
It is possible that I already had some presentiment of my future. The locked and rusted gate that stood before us, with wisps of river fog threading its spikes like the mountain paths, remains in my mind now as the symbol of my exile.
Yet one fine day, in a fit of euphoria, after he had picked up the telephone and taken an order for bonds that had brought him a fifty thousand dollar commission, just like that, this very phrase had bubbled up into his brain. On Wall Street he and a few others had become precisely that - Masters of the Universe.
I am learning about twenty new Italian words a day. Where am I getting the brain space to store these words?  I'm hoping that maybe my mind has decided to clear out some old negative thoughts and sad memories and replace them with these shiny new words.
All time is all time. It does not change. It does not lend itself to warnings or explanations. It simply is. Take it moment by moment, and you will find that we are all, as I've said before, bugs in amber.
I had a friend who was a heavy drinker. If somebody asked him if he'd been drunk the night before, he would always answer off-handedly, "Oh, I imagine." I've always liked that answer. It acknowledges life as a dream.
The beginner writes just twenty pieces. The professional writes three times what's needed, as many as sixty different bits, keeps trying them out on small groups (but never your own family), rewrites discards, rewrites some more, then finally settles on the twenty which work best for that specific audience. 
The beginner writes just twenty pieces. The professional writes three times what's needed, rewrites, discards, rewrites some more, then finally settles on the twenty which work best for that specific audience. 
Remember that humor is written backwards. That means you first find the cliche you want to work on, then build a story around it.
One essential rule: make sure the joke is the last possible thought, and don't add other words to the sentence after the joke. If you do, the audience will think that your take-off was only a setup for a bigger laugh coming up.
We all know people who are very bright but who do not always shine when it comes to being logical. They have the ability to think logically - that is, clearly and effectively - but that ability does not habitually manifest itself.
We all know people who are very bright but who do not always shine when it comes to being logical. They have the ability to think logically but that ability does not habitually manifest itself.
Often, we assume that a familiar situation will be but a repeat performance of a similar situation we've experienced before. But, in the strictest sense, there are no repeat performances. Every situation is unique, and we must be alert to its uniqueness.
Facts can be thought of as objective or subjective. Things and events are objective facts. A subjective fact is one that is limited to the subject experiencing it. Establishing the reality of subjective facts depends entirely on the trustworthiness of those who claim to be experiencing them. 
Facts can be thought of as objective or subjective. Things and events are objective facts. A subjective fact is one that is limited to the subject experiencing it.
I have quit three jobs and been fired from all the rest. Getting fired, despite sometimes coming as a surprise and leaving you scrambling to recover, is often a godsend: someone else makes the decision for you, and it's impossible to sit in the wrong job for the rest of your life.
Being able to quit things that don't work is integral to being a winner. Going into a project or job without defining when worthwhile becomes wasteful is like going into a casino without a cap on what you will gamble: dangerous and foolish.
The alternative to binge travel - the mini retirement - entails relocating to one place for one to six months before going home or moving to another locale. Rather than seeking to see the world, we aim to experience it at a speed that lets it change us.
The alternative to binge travel entails relocating to one place for one to six months before going home. Rather than seeking to see the world, we aim to experience it at a speed that lets it change us.
Let's face it: there are tons of things in your home and life that you don't use, need, or even particularly want. Whether you realize it or not, this clutter creates indecision and distractions, consuming attention and making unfettered happiness a real chore. 
It was hard to toss things I had once thought were valuable enough to spend money on and just as hard to separate myself from worn and ragged clothing I had for sentimental reasons.  The first ten minutes of sorting through clothing was like choosing which child of mine should live or die. Once I'd passed through the first few tough decisions, though, the momentum had been built and it was a breeze.
It was hard to toss things I had once thought were valuable enough to spend money on and just as hard to separate myself from worn and ragged clothing I had for sentimental reasons. Once I'd passed through the first few tough decisions, though, the momentum had been built and it was a breeze.
It is a period of civil war. Rebel spaceships, striking from a hidden base, have won their first victory against the evil Galactic Empire. During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon.
Pursued by the Empire's sinister agents, Princess Leia races home aboard her starship, custodian of the stolen plans that can save her people and restore freedom to the galaxy.
During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon. Pursued by the Empire's sinister agents, Princess Leia races home aboard her starship, custodian of the stolen plans that can save her people and restore freedom to the galaxy.
And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who would attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon thee.
Blessed is he, who in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children.
Ever since I was a child, folks have thought they had me pegged, because of the way I am, the way I talk. And they're always wrong.
I know what "exacerbate" means.  There is not a word or a sentence or a concept that you can illuminate for me.
If I leave here tomorrow, would you still remember me? For I must be traveling on now, 'cause there's too many places I've got to see. But if I stayed here with you, girl, things just couldn't be the same. 'Cause I'm as free as a bird now, and this bird you cannot change.
If I leave here tomorrow, would you still remember me? For I must be traveling on now, 'cause there's too many places I've got to see.
She's got eyes of the bluest skies as if they thought of rain. I hate to look into those eyes and see an ounce of pain. Her hair reminds me of a warm safe place where as a child I'd hide and pray for the thunder and the rain to quietly pass me by.
She's got a smile that, it seems to me, reminds me of childhood memories, where everything was as fresh as the bright blue sky.
Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? Caught in a landslide, no escape from reality. Open your eyes, look up to the skies and see. I'm just a poor boy, I need no sympathy. Because I'm easy come, easy go, little high, little low. Any way the wind blows doesn't really matter to me.
Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? Caught in a landslide, no escape from reality. Open your eyes, look up to the skies and see.
My friend, I shall be pedagogic, and say you ought to start with Logic. Days will be spent to let you know that what you once did at one blow, like eating and drinking so easy and free, can only be done with One, Two, Three.
My friend, I shall be pedagogic, and say you ought to start with Logic. Even eating and drinking, so easy and free, can only be done with One, Two, Three.
Yet the web of thought has no such creases and is more like a weaver's masterpieces; one step, a thousand threads arise, hither and thither shoots each shuttle, the threads flow on, unseen and subtle, each blow effects a thousand ties.
With the coming of Dean Moriarty began the part of my life you could call my life on the road. Before that I'd often dreamed of going West to see the country, always vaguely planning and never taking off. Dean is the perfect guy for the road because he actually was born on the road, when his parents were passing through Salt Lake City.
With the coming of Dean Moriarty began the part of my life you could call my life on the road. Before that I'd often dreamed of going West to see the country, always vaguely planning and never taking off.
Dean is the perfect guy for the road because he actually was born on the road, when his parents were passing through Salt Lake City.
I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived.
Many rivers to cross but I can't seem to find my way over. Wandering, I am lost as I travel along the white cliffs of Dover. Many rivers to cross and it's only my will that keeps me alive. I've been licked, washed up for years, and I merely survive because of my pride.
Many rivers to cross but I can't seem to find my way over. Wandering, I am lost as I travel along the white cliffs of Dover. Many rivers to cross and it's only my will that keeps me alive.
Many rivers to cross but I can't seem to find my way over. Wandering, I am lost as I travel along the white cliffs of Dover.
People get ready, there's a train coming. You don't need no baggage, you just get on board. All you need is faith to hear the diesels humming. Don't need no ticket, you just thank the Lord.
You've got a way to keep me on your side. You give me cause for love that I can't hide. For you I know I'd even try to turn the tide. Because you're mine, I walk the line.
I remember when we used to sit in the government yard in Trenchtown. Observing the hypocrites as they would mingle with the good people we meet. Good friends we had, good friends we lost along the way. In this bright future you can't forget your past, so dry your tears, I say.
I had a job, I had a girl. I had something going, mister, in this world. I got laid off down at the lumber yard, our love went bad, times got hard. Now I work down at the carwash, where all it ever does is rain. Don't you feel like you're a rider on a downbound train.
Every time I think of you I feel shot right through with a bolt of blue. It's no problem of mine but it's a problem I find, living a life that I can't leave behind. There's no sense in telling me the wisdom of a fool won't set you free. But that's the way that it goes, and it's what nobody knows, while every day my confusion grows.
Every time I think of you I feel shot right through with a bolt of blue. It's no problem of mine but it's a problem I find, living a life that I can't leave behind.
Most popular song lyrics have two sections - a verse and a bridge, where the bridge offers a contrast to the verse but is not the place where the song is summarized - or a verse and a chorus.  A chorus is the high-point of a lyric's energy as well as the music's energy.
Most popular song lyrics have two sections - a verse and a bridge, where the bridge offers a contrast to the verse but is not the place where the song is summarized.
A chorus is the high-point of a lyric's energy as well as the music's energy. In the chorus you declare what the song is really about.
Whether they use the title or not, many lyrics have evocative first lines that grab the listener's attention. Often thinking of a good first line can make the rest of the lyric flow.
Rhymes trap you into saying things you don't want to say. A word like "fire" is a good example.  Before you know it you're reaching for desire, or to get higher, or calling someone a liar, or putting them on a pyre, even if that wasn't what you were going to say.
Rhymes trap you into saying things you don't want to say. A word like "fire" is a good example.  Before you know it you're reaching for desire, or to get higher, or calling someone a liar.
There was a stage and a PA up in western Massachusetts and the kids came from miles around to get messed up on the music.  And she drove down from Bowdoin with a carload of girlfriends to meet some boys and maybe eat some mushrooms.
There was a stage and a PA up in western Massachusetts and the kids came from miles around to get messed up on the music.  And she drove down from Bowdoin with a carload of girlfriends, to meet some boys and maybe eat some mushrooms.  And they did, and she got sick, and now she's pinned and way too shaky.
He was rough around the edges. He'd been to school, but never finished. He'd been to jail, but never prison.  And it was his first day off in forever, man.  The festival seemed like a pretty good plan.
He was rough around the edges. He'd been to school, but never finished. He'd been to jail, but never prison. And it was his first day off in forever, man.  The festival seemed like a pretty good plan: cruise some chicks and get a suntan.  And his friend gave him four, but said only take one.  But then he got bored and he ended up taking all four, so now my man ain't that bored anyways. The paramedics found him, he was shaking on the side of the stage.
In general, many of these targets are easier marks if you are wearing the correct uniform. You should always have one suit or fashionable dress outfit hanging in the closet for the proper heists. Specialized uniforms, such as nun and priest garb, can be most helpful. Check out your local uniform store for a wide range of clothes that will get you in, and especially out, of all kinds of stores.
Specialized uniforms, such as nun and priest garb, can be most helpful. Check out your local uniform store for a wide range of clothes that will get you in, and especially out, of all kinds of stores.
In general, many of these targets are easier marks if you are wearing the correct uniform. You should always have one suit or fashionable dress outfit hanging in the closet for the proper heists.
There are still some places where you can get all you can eat for a fixed price. Sew a plastic bag onto your tee-shirt or belt and wear a loose-fitting jacket or coat to cover any noticeable bulge. Fried chicken is the best and the easiest to pocket, or should we say bag. Another trick is to pour your second free cup of hot coffee into the plastic bag sewed inside your pocket and take it with you.
There are still some places where you can get all you can eat for a fixed price. Fried chicken is the best and the easiest to pocket, or should we say bag.
There are still some places where you can get all you can eat for a fixed price. Fried chicken is the best and the easiest to pocket, or should we say bag. Another trick is to pour your second free cup of hot coffee into the plastic bag sewed inside your pocket and take it with you.
They say that right after God created man, he took a rib from him and made a chick. That's actually a bit of a creation myth - the truth is, after God saw that man was good, he created another man and saw that it was all good.
All Ninja are men of peace, and must always remain so or lose many of the special powers they have developed. Beyond this, the Ninja are also adept at fieldcraft, infiltrating, and espionage. Because of their scouting skills and peripheral kinesthetic sensitivity, Ninja customarily surprise their opponents slightly more than half the time.
All Ninja are men of peace, and must always remain so or lose many of the special powers they have developed. Beyond this, the Ninja are also adept at fieldcraft, infiltrating, and espionage.
Because of their scouting skills and peripheral kinesthetic sensitivity, Ninja customarily surprise their opponents slightly more than half the time.
Many people limit themselves to leading boring, dull lives by accepting the judgment of others that they are of low intelligence. This is not so. Just because one does not process sensory information and replay it the same way as everyone else does not mean that there is a lack of comprehension or interest.
Many people limit themselves to leading boring, dull lives by accepting the judgment of others that they are of low intelligence. This is not so.
The goal of the true seeker is to become a sage, or superior man. There are certain immutable laws of the universe, which the sage must be in harmony with. Different Ninja sects espouse some laws in particular, according them greater significance than the others. But each law is essential in its own right, and must be considered equal to the rest.
The goal of the true seeker is to become a sage, or superior man. There are certain immutable laws of the universe, which the sage must be in harmony with. Different Ninja sects espouse some laws in particular, but each law is essential in its own right, and must be considered equal to the rest.
A zealot might be, for instance, an individual with a personal motive for revenge so overpowering that it ensures complete dedication to the cause. Or, through intensive training and psychological manipulation, an elite team of fanatic followers can be trained to sacrifice even their own lives to accomplish a given mission.
Through intensive training and psychological manipulation, an elite team of fanatic followers can be trained to sacrifice even their own lives to accomplish a given mission.
Contrary to the feminist cant, there are many things we can learn from men's perspective about life and personal identity. To refuse to learn anything that could prove beneficial to yourself is a working definition of stupid.
I sincerely believe that if women study male lessons on concepts of assertion, courage, destiny, purpose, honor, dreams, endeavor, perseverance, goal orientation, etc., they would have a more fulfilling life, pick better men with whom to be intimate, and have better relationships with them.
Jay made up for the lack of glamour in his assignment by having a romance with a local miller's daughter, which he initiated by letting air out of her bicycle tires. He also earned himself a promotion to lieutenant on the strength of his commonsense suggestion that the army could save lots of cargo space by deboning beef before shipping it overseas.
Jay earned himself a promotion to lieutenant on the strength of his commonsense suggestion that the army could save lots of cargo space by deboning beef before shipping it overseas.
Instead of hiring workers during the peak hog kill in the winter and then laying them off when the work slowed down, Jay had instituted a system of paying workers a steady wage year-round. A 1937 Fortune magazine article about this and other progressive labor policies at Hormel might well shock those familiar only with the company's labor relations in the 1980s.
Instead of hiring workers during the peak hog kill in the winter and then laying them off when the work slowed down, Jay had instituted a system of paying workers a steady wage year-round.
To some, the rules of etiquette may seem outdated, stuffy and unnecessary, but the fact remains that they serve as a sort of social weed-whacker eliminating unsavory growths from popping up in the world's finer gardens. The truth is that first impressions are usually lasting ones, and a bad first impression can sometimes be insurmountable.
To some, the rules of etiquette may seem outdated, stuffy and unnecessary, but the fact remains that they serve as a sort of social weed-whacker eliminating unsavory growths from popping up in the world's finer gardens.
We might begin by asking why the pregnant man image has been a source of continued fascination throughout the centuries. Mythology, folklore, religion, literature, science, politics, philosophy, anthropology, and psychology as well as theater, film, television, visual culture, and cyberspace all have scores of images and tales attesting to its appeal.
When considering the cultural significance of this intriguing interlude, we might begin by asking why the pregnant man image has been a source of continued fascination throughout the centuries.
When Betty and Billy fell asleep, he walked down to the kitchen to see if there was anything around to eat. He managed to open the cupboard door with his nose and found the 25-pound bag of low-fart dog biscuits the vet had prescribed for him, which had made him fart more. Even though he knew they made him fart more, he couldn't resist. He ate the entire bag.
He managed to open the cupboard door with his nose and found the 25-pound bag of low-fart dog biscuits the vet had prescribed for him, which had made him fart more. Even though he knew they made him fart more, he couldn't resist. He ate the entire bag.
In the English language, swearing is essential to effective communication. Whether you want to succeed in business, school, or social circles, a strong command of vocabulary is absolutely necessary.
Unlike the other four senses located in the logical regions of the forebrain, our sense of smell is wired directly into the limbic system, the so-called "reptilian" cellar of the brain responsible for our most basic emotions, from rage to lust.
Gardeners know how to grow top-notch crops. They determine which plants thrive best under available conditions, plan their optimum placement, and nourish the seeds with plant food and water. Plants that receive the most attention thrive, blossoming into colorful fruits and flowers.
The sooner your kids appreciate the value of work, the more successful they will be. Work is part of life. You work to earn money, put food on the table, and keep your homes orderly and clean. For your kids, work involves schoolwork, homework, and teamwork at home and in the community.
I know that the idea of raising well-rounded, smarter kids can be daunting. And sadly, no easy formula exists. Kids are as complex, varied, and exciting individuals as you are. The good news is that your child has a natural desire to do well. Your job as parent is to bring out this quality and cherish it until the day your kids leave home, and then some.
The good news is that your child has a natural desire to do well. Your job as parent is to bring out this quality and cherish it until the day your kids leave home, and then some.
After removal from the oven, the pizza is sliced and plated quickly in a flat cardboard box, which is immediately closed and often taped shut. There is no physical separation after the slicing, so that edge can be ignored and we can treat the pizza, for thermal purposes, as an infinite plane.
There is no physical separation after the slicing, so that edge can be ignored and we can treat the pizza, for thermal purposes, as an infinite plane. The procedure reduces the heat-transfer problem to one dimension represented by a vector normal to the pizza surface.
There is no physical separation after the slicing, so that edge can be ignored and we can treat the pizza, for thermal purposes, as an infinite plane.
After removal from the oven, the pizza is sliced and plated quickly in a flat cardboard box, which is immediately closed and often taped shut.
Three changes occur while the stacked disk structure equilibrates with the high-temperature oven. First, the layer of dough bakes into bread, a low-water-content material with a large number of nonconnecting small air spaces. Second, the tomato paste dehydrates, and third, the mozzarella undergoes a complex series of transitions involving protein denaturation and lipid rearrangement from regular liquid crystal to more disordered states.
First, the layer of dough bakes into bread, a low-water-content material with a large number of nonconnecting small air spaces. Second, the tomato paste dehydrates, and third, the mozzarella undergoes a complex series of transitions involving protein denaturation and lipid rearrangement from regular liquid crystal to more disordered states.
First, the layer of dough bakes into bread, a low-water-content material with a large number of nonconnecting small air spaces. Second, the tomato paste dehydrates, and third, the mozzarella transitions from regular liquid crystal to more disordered states.
From compositional considerations the tomato layer would be expected to have a relatively high heat capacity and low conductance. It thus serves as a  buffer between the mozzarella and the baked dough.
The melted mozzarella layer, which we shall designate MML, is the obvious source of trauma to the roof of the mouth and from the point of view of medical physics is clearly the key agent in the etiology of pizza burn.
Radiation could be precisely determined, in principle, if we knew the reflectance of mozzarella and the cardboard in the long-wavelength regions of interest. The process is clearly governed by the Stefan-Boltzmann fourth power radiation law. Here, the oregano and other trace materials sitting on the surface might be of some importance if they changed the surface radiance in any appreciable way.
Radiation could be precisely determined, in principle, if we knew the reflectance of mozzarella and the cardboard in the long-wavelength regions of interest. 
Here, the oregano and other trace materials sitting on the surface might be of some importance if they changed the surface radiance in any appreciable way.
Convection also plays a minor role because of the relative thinness of the air layer and the presence of the upper cardboard heat shield. The insulation properties of the cardboard play a major role, since they serve to minimize the temperature gradient across the airspace. By studying the cooling of pizza in the gravity free environment of the space shuttle, we could more exactly determine the importance of convective flows.
Convection also plays a minor role because of the relative thinness of the air layer and the presence of the upper cardboard heat shield. The insulation properties of the cardboard play a major role, since they serve to minimize the temperature gradient across the airspace.
By studying the cooling of pizza in the gravity free environment of the space shuttle, we could more exactly determine the importance of convective flows.
We may climb into the thin and cold realm of pure geometry and lifeless science, or sink into that of sensation. Between these extremes is the equator of life, of thought, or spirit, or poetry - a narrow belt.
Every craft and every investigation, and likewise every action and decision, seems to aim at some good; hence the good has been well described as that at which everything aims. However, there is an apparent difference among the ends aimed at. For the end is sometimes an activity, sometimes a product beyond the activity; and when there is an end beyond the action, the product is by nature better than the activity.
Every craft and every investigation, and likewise every action and decision, seems to aim at some good; hence the good has been well described as that at which everything aims.
The time has come for man to set himself a goal. The time has come for man to plant the seed of his highest hope. His soil is still rich enough. But one day this soil will be poor and domesticated, and no tall tree will be able to grow in it. Alas, the time is coming when man will no longer shoot the arrow of his longing beyond man, and the string of his bow will have forgotten how to whir.
The time has come for man to set himself a goal. The time has come for man to plant the seed of his highest hope. His soil is still rich enough. But one day this soil will be poor and domesticated, and no tall tree will be able to grow in it.
The time has come for man to plant the seed of his highest hope. His soil is still rich enough. But one day this soil will be poor and domesticated, and no tall tree will be able to grow in it.
But if in efficient causes it is possible to go on to infinity, there will be no first efficient cause, neither will there be an ultimate effect, nor any intermediate efficient causes; all of which is plainly false. Therefore it is necessary to admit a first efficient cause, to which everyone gives the name of God.
Consider this: Is the pious being loved by the gods because it is pious, or is it pious because it is being loved by the Gods?
We speak of something carried and something carrying, of something led and something leading, of something seen and something seeing, and you understand that these things are all different from one another and how they differ? So there is also something loved and - a different thing - something loving.
Consider this: Is the pious being loved by the gods because it is pious, or is it pious because it is being loved by the Gods?  We speak of something carried and something carrying, of something led and something leading, of something seen and something seeing, and you understand that these things are all different from one another and how they differ? So there is also something loved and - a different thing - something loving.
It's a blue savanna song: somewhere cross the desert, sometime in the early hours, in a restless world, on the open highways.  My home is where the heart is, sweet to surrender, to you only - I send my love to you.
We go waiting for the stars to come showering down.  From Moscow to Mars, universe falling down. You got to look real hard there's a fiery star hidden out there somewhere.  Not the satellite of love but a laser shooting out its shiny tongue there.
We were playing checkers. I used to kid her once in a while because she wouldn't take her kings out of the back row. But I didn't kid her much though. You never wanted to kid Jane too much. I think I really like it best when you can kid the pants off a girl when the opportunity arises, but it's a funny thing. The girls I like best are ones I never feel much like kidding.  Sometimes I think they'd like it if you kidded them - in fact I know they would - but it's hard to get started, once you've known them a pretty long time and never kidded them.
We were playing checkers. I used to kid her once in a while because she wouldn't take her kings out of the back row. But I didn't kid her much though. You never wanted to kid Jane too much. I think I really like it best when you can kid the pants off a girl when the opportunity arises, but it's a funny thing. The girls I like best are ones I never feel much like kidding.
The girls I like best are ones I never feel much like kidding.  Sometimes I think they'd like it if you kidded them - in fact I know they would - but it's hard to get started, once you've known them a pretty long time and never kidded them.
Stab a sorry heart with your favorite finger.  Paint the whole world blue and stop your tears from stinging.  Hear the cavemen singing.  Good news they're bringing.  Seven seas, swimming them so well.  Glad to see my face among them kissing the tortoise shell.
Burning my bridges and smashing my mirrors, turning to see if you're cowardly.  Burning the witches with modern religions, you'll strike the matches and shower me.  In water games washing the rocks below.  Taught and tamed in time with tear flow.
Two years ago this property cost one million pounds.  Today, it costs five million. How did this happen? Attractive tax opportunities for foreign investment, restrictive building consent and massive hedge fund bonuses. London, my good man, is fast becoming the financial and cultural capital of the world. And of course the Russians have come to town.
Two years ago this property cost one million pounds.  Today, it costs five million. How did this happen? Attractive tax opportunities for foreign investment, restrictive building consent and massive hedge fund bonuses. London, my good man, is fast becoming the financial and cultural capital of the world.
I don't want tickets, I need you to find me a painting, a classic, been nicked out of Lenny's house. And since you got more feet on the street than coppers on the beat, I'd like you to assist. I'll leave you a little livener. There's a large twenty to get some tongues wagging.
Right, I am going to tell you how this works. You're going in the drink and I am going to make a cup of tea. Underneath the floor boards is the famous river Thames. I hope for your sakes you can hold your breath for as long as it takes to boil that kettle. After that, I am going to ask you a question, one question. You are going to give me a name and if it's the right name, I send you home warm and dry in a fresh set of clothes. If it's the wrong name, you'll be fed to the crayfish.
You're going in the drink and I am going to make a cup of tea. Underneath the floor boards is the famous river Thames. I hope for your sakes you can hold your breath for as long as it takes to boil that kettle. After that, I am going to ask you a question.
The term "barbarian" was created by the Greeks; it was originally used to denote any foreigner. Since then it has gained a more negative connotation, and it is commonly applied to civilizations deemed "inferior" to one's own.
The development of a living body of literature became indicative of an advanced culture and are always correlated with advances in science, philosophy, theology, and art. Unfortunately the loss of many libraries, such as the Great Library of Alexandria in a civil war in the 3rd century AD, also heralded the loss of many of these irreplaceable texts.
The development of a living body of literature became indicative of an advanced culture and are always correlated with advances in science, philosophy, theology, and art.
At first we were silent, but finally we considered ourselves under the necessity of protesting against such an unjust and serious accusation, before the face of the whole of intellectual society.
However, let us leave aside the philosophical, social, and economic aspects of the question. I do not wish to fatigue your attention. I must nevertheless point out that our profession very closely approaches the idea of that which is called art. Into it enter all the elements which go to form art - vocation, inspiration, fantasy, inventiveness, ambition, and a long and arduous apprenticeship to the science.
I must nevertheless point out that our profession very closely approaches the idea of that which is called art. Into it enter all the elements which go to form art - vocation, inspiration, fantasy, inventiveness, ambition, and a long and arduous apprenticeship to the science.
To an outsider's ear it sounds absurdly wild and ridiculous to speak of the vocation of a thief. However, I venture to assure you that this vocation is a reality.
There are men who possess a peculiarly strong visual memory, sharpness and accuracy of eye, presence of mind, dexterity of hand, and above all a subtle sense of touch, who are as it were born into God's world for the sole and special purpose of becoming distinguished card-sharpers.
The pickpockets' profession demands extraordinary nimbleness and agility, a terrific certainty of movement, not to mention a ready wit, a talent for observation and strained attention.
Some have a positive vocation for breaking open safes: from their tenderest childhood they are attracted by the mysteries of every kind of complicated mechanism - bicycles, sewing machines, clock-work toys and watches.  Finally, gentlemen, there are people with an hereditary animus against private property.
Finally, gentlemen, there are people with an hereditary animus against private property. I tell you that you cannot entice a true thief, and thief by vocation, into the prose of honest vegetation by any gingerbread reward, or by the offer of a secure position, or by the gift of money, or by a woman's love: because there is here a permanent beauty of risk, a fascinating abyss of danger, the delightful sinking of the heart, the impetuous pulsation of life, the ecstasy!
You cannot entice a true thief, and thief by vocation, into the prose of honest vegetation by any gingerbread reward, or by the offer of a secure position, or by the gift of money, or by a woman's love: because there is here a permanent beauty of risk, a fascinating abyss of danger, the delightful sinking of the heart, the impetuous pulsation of life, the ecstasy!
There's a hole in the world like a great black pit. And the vermin of the world inhabit it. And its morals aren't worth what a pig could spit. And it goes by the name of London.
Imagine this: Here we are, a plane full of grown human beings, many of us partially educated, and they're actually taking time out to describe the intricate workings of a belt buckle. Well, I ask for clarification at that point. Did you say 'Place the small metal flap into the buckle' or 'Place the buckle over and around the small metal flap'?
She was a genius of sadness, immersing herself in it, separating its numerous strands, appreciating its subtle nuances. She was a prism through which sadness could be divided into its infinite spectrum. Brod discovered 613 sadnesses, each perfectly unique, each a singular emotion, no more similar to any other sadness than to anger, ecstasy, guilt, or frustration.
She was a genius of sadness, immersing herself in it, separating its numerous strands, appreciating its subtle nuances. She was a prism through which sadness could be divided into its infinite spectrum.
I've heard there was a secret chord that David played, and it pleased the Lord, but you don't really care for music, do you?
Your faith was strong but you needed proof. You saw her bathing on the roof. Her beauty in the moonlight overthrew you. She tied you to a kitchen chair, she broke your throne she cut your hair and from your lips she drew the hallelujah.
Your faith was strong but you needed proof. You saw her bathing on the roof. Her beauty in the moonlight overthrew you.
I did my best, it wasn't much. I couldn't feel, so I tried to touch. I've told the truth, I didn't come to fool you. And even though it all went wrong I'll stand before the Lord of Song with nothing on my tongue but hallelujah.
I did my best, it wasn't much. I couldn't feel, so I tried to touch. I've told the truth, I didn't come to fool you.
I can already hear your tune calling me across the room. When the world and his wife are on my back again, not enough pleasure too much pain. When the world is too much with me, please leave, just go away. Before I lose my mind completely, please leave, just go now. In the sidestreet something's moving look around, look around. All around you walls are tumbling down. Stop staring at the ground.
I can already hear your tune calling me across the room. When the world and his wife are on my back again, not enough pleasure too much pain. When the world is too much with me, please leave, just go away. Before I lose my mind completely, please leave, just go now.
I can practically see your face and another revolutionary falls from grace. Hear the thunder in your brain. Not enough sunshine, too much rain.
When the light of life has gone, no change for the meter.  Then the king of spivs will come, selling blood by the litre. When nothing's sacred anymore, when the demon's knocking on your door, you'll still be staring down at the floor.
Picking up the pieces, half alive in a nine 'til five, vacant eyes, is it any wonder? Primal scream at the TV screen, close your eyes. Now the world is too much with me. Please leave, just go away. Before I lose my mind completely, just leave, please go now.
Not too many days from this day, not too many hours from this hour. So long? The storm comes, or is it just another shower?
And then he calls me a jerk and says the last guy who thought he was a jerk was dead now. So I don't say nothing and he says, "What do ya think about that?" So I says, "Well, that don't sound like too good a deal for him then."
So, I'm tending bar there at Ecklund & Swedlin's last Tuesday and this little guy's drinking and he says, "So where can a guy find some action - I'm goin' crazy down there at the lake."  And I says, "What kinda action?" and he	says, "Woman action, what do I look like?"  And I says, "Well, what do I look like? I don't arrange that kinda thing."
The recipe for turning fruit into wine goes something like this: 1. Pick a large quantity of ripe grapes from grapevines (you could substitute raspberries or any other fruit, but 99.9 percent of all the wine in the world is made from grapes, because they make the best wines). 2. Put the grapes into a clean container that doesn't leak. 3. Crush the grapes somehow to release their juice. (Once upon a time, feet performed this step.) 4. Wait.
You could substitute raspberries or any other fruit, but 99.9 percent of all the wine in the world is made from grapes, because they make the best wines.
After the grapes are crushed, yeasts (tiny one-celled organisms that exist naturally in the vineyard and, therefore, on the grapes) come into contact with the sugar in the grapes' juice and gradually convert that sugar into alcohol.
Your inner child will be happy to know that when it comes to wine, it's okay to like some colors more than others. You can't get away with saying "I don't like green food!" much beyond your sixth birthday, but you can express a general preference for white, red, or pink wine for all your adult life.
You can't get away with saying "I don't like green food!" much beyond your sixth birthday, but you can express a general preference for white, red, or pink wine for all your adult life.
Many wines have more than 14 percent alcohol because the winemaker added alcohol during or after the fermentation.  That's an unusual way of making wine, but some parts of the world, like the Sherry region in Spain and the Port region in Portugal, have made quite a specialty of it. Dessert wine is the legal U.S. terminology for these wines, probably because they're usually sweet and often enjoyed after dinner.
Sparkling wines are wines that contain carbon dioxide bubbles. Carbon dioxide gas is a natural byproduct of fermentation, and winemakers sometimes decide to trap it in the wine.
Historically, most wines contained less than 14 percent alcohol - either because there wasn't enough sugar in the juice to attain a higher alcohol level, or because the yeasts died off when the alcohol reached 14 percent, halting the fermentation.
The wine list looks so imposing that you finally give up laboring over it.  You hand it back to the server and say (either a bit sheepishly, because you're acknowledging that you can't handle the list, or with defiant bravado, signifying that you're not going to waste your time on this nonsense), "I'll just have a glass of white wine." Smart move or big mistake? We'd say, "Mistake."
The wine list looks so imposing that you finally give up laboring over it. You hand it back to the server and say, "I'll just have a glass of white wine." Smart move or big mistake? We'd say, "Mistake."
Be impeccable with your word - speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
Don't take anything personally - nothing others do is because of you. What others say and do is a projection of their own reality, their own dream. When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you won't be the victim of needless suffering.
When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you won't be the victim of needless suffering.
Don't make assumptions - find the courage to ask questions and to express what you really want. Communicate with others as clearly as you can to avoid misunderstandings, sadness and drama. With just this one agreement, you can completely transform your life.
Don't make assumptions. Communicate with others as clearly as you can to avoid misunderstandings, sadness and drama. With just this one agreement, you can completely transform your life.
Always do your best - your best is going to change from moment to moment; it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret.
Well I woke in mid-afternoon 'cause that's when it all hurts the most. I dream I never know anyone at the party and I'm always the host.
There's a piece of Maria in every song that I sing. And the price of a memory is the memory of the sorrow it brings. And there is always one last light to turn out and one last bell to ring. And the last one out of the circus has to lock up everything.
There's a piece of Maria in every song that I sing. And the price of a memory is the memory of the sorrow it brings.
All the blue light reflections that color my mind when I sleep. And the lovesick rejections that accompany the company I keep. All the razor perceptions that cut just a little too deep. Hey I can bleed as well as anyone, but I need someone to help me sleep.
With no map to navigate one's life, some of us have stood stock-still. In such a world of confused roles, time lines, and expectations, the simplest decisions could sometimes become problematic. Forget figuring out how to chart a career and start a family; some of us, like the characters on Seinfeld, couldn't figure out how to go to the movies.
With no map to navigate one's life, some of us have stood stock-still. In such a world of confused roles, time lines, and expectations, the simplest decisions could sometimes become problematic.
They knew they were privileged to have these choices, but they also knew the stakes were high. These people were asking the big questions: How do I find meaning in my life? Should I have children? What is the most meaningful way to connect with other people? How should I balance my work life with my personal life (and is there a distinction anymore)?
A total of twenty-five friends were headed from San Francisco across the Sierra toward our rendezvous in the Black Rock Desert that day. Significantly absent among them was Julia, my girlfriend at the time. We were all in our late twenties or early-to-middle thirties, yet none had found brides or husbands. Although we were all older than our parents were when they had us, the idea of having children ourselves still seemed a far-off abstraction.
We were all in our late twenties or early-to-middle thirties, yet none had found brides or husbands. Although we were all older than our parents were when they had us, the idea of having children ourselves still seemed a far-off abstraction.
There are very few things I wish I could change about those two decades, but there are many things I wish I had known. I wish I had known, for instance, that such a long period of being single was in the cards for me. I also wish I'd known earlier that such a delay was not abnormal among my generation.
There are very few things I wish I could change about those two decades, but there are many things I wish I had known.
I was long into my second decade of living single before I came to see my friends in the city for what they were: my personal community, my urban tribe.
One day you're in a funk about things, telling a friend that years of evidence point to the conclusion that you will be single for the rest of your life. That night you meet someone, and a year later you're engaged to be married. That this very scenario happened to me is likely of little comfort to those still wondering about their future.
One day you're in a funk about things, telling a friend that years of evidence point to the conclusion that you will be single for the rest of your life. That night you meet someone, and a year later you're engaged to be married.
To drive out of the Central Valley of California on a hot day and into San Francisco is to feel like you're landing on another planet. Over our two-hour drive, the temperature went from nearly a hundred to the middle sixties. The visual disparity was as dramatic. On one side of the bay was a day so bright you'd have to squint with the visor down and your sunglasses on. Halfway across the Bay Bridge the fog enveloped us, whipping in strands through the rusted girders. As we crossed into the fog, it didn't seem possible that two such environments could exist side by side.
To drive out of the Central Valley of California on a hot day and into San Francisco is to feel like you're landing on another planet. Over our two-hour drive, the temperature went from nearly a hundred to the middle sixties. The visual disparity was as dramatic. On one side of the bay was a day so bright you'd have to squint with the visor down and your sunglasses on. As we crossed into the fog, it didn't seem possible that two such environments could exist side by side.
To drive out of the Central Valley of California on a hot day and into San Francisco is to feel like you're landing on another planet. Over our two-hour drive, the temperature went from nearly a hundred to the middle sixties.
To drive out of the Central Valley of California on a hot day and into San Francisco is to feel like you're landing on another planet.
So it's all come back round to breaking apart again. Breaking apart like I'm made up of glass again. Making it up behind my back again. Holding my breath for the fear of sleep again. Holding it up behind my head again. Cut in deep to the heart of the bone again. Round and round and round and it's coming apart again. Over and over and over.
So it's all come back round to breaking apart again. Breaking apart like I'm made up of glass again.
Now that I know that I'm breaking to pieces, I'll pull out my heart and I'll feed it to anyone. Crying for sympathy, crocodiles cry for the love of the crowd and the free cheers from everyone. Dropping through sky, through the glass of the roof, through the roof of your mouth, through the mouth of your eye, through the eye of the needle, it's easier for me to get closer to heaven than ever feel whole again.
Dropping through sky, through the glass of the roof, through the roof of your mouth, through the mouth of your eye, through the eye of the needle, it's easier for me to get closer to heaven than ever feel whole again.
I never said I would stay to the end - I knew I would leave you with babies and everything. Screaming like this in the hole of sincerity, screaming me over and over and over. I leave you with photographs, pictures of trickery, and stains on the carpet, stains on the memory, and songs about happiness murmured in dreams, when we both of us knew how the end always is.
I leave you with photographs, pictures of trickery, and stains on the carpet, stains on the memory, and songs about happiness murmured in dreams, when we both of us knew how the end always is.
Come sail your ships around me and burn your bridges down. We make a little history, baby, every time you come around. Come loose your dogs upon me and let your hair hang down. You are a little mystery to me every time you come around. We talk about it all night long, we define our moral ground. But when I crawl into your arms everything comes tumbling down.
Come sail your ships around me and burn your bridges down. We make a little history, baby, every time you come around.
Your face has fallen sad now, for you know the time is nigh. But when I must remove your wings and you, you must try to fly. Come sail your ships around me and burn your bridges down. We make a little history, baby, every time you come around.
Mac knew the score even if Aunt Ella didn't. Shot through the left lung and that was that, as they say. Believe it was that night. She buried him the next mornin'. Diggin' in that hard caliche. What you got ain't nothin' new. This country is hard on people. Hard and crazy. Got the devil in it yet folks never seem to hold it to account.
This country is hard on people. Hard and crazy. Got the devil in it yet folks never seem to hold it to account.
Had dreams. Two of 'em. Both had my father. It's peculiar. I'm older now'n he ever was by twenty years. So in a sense he's the younger man. Anyway, first one I don't remember so well but it was about money and I think I lost it. The second one, it was like we was both back in older times and I was on horseback goin' through the mountains of a night. Goin' through this pass in the mountains. It was cold and snowin', hard ridin'. Hard country.
I don't believe in an interventionist God, but I know, darling, that you do. But if I did I would kneel down and ask him not to intervene when it came to you. Not to touch a hair on your head, to leave you as you are, and if he felt he had to direct you, then direct you into my arms.
I don't believe in an interventionist God, but I know, darling, that you do. But if I did I would kneel down and ask him not to intervene when it came to you.
And I don't believe in the existence of angels but looking at you I wonder if that's true. But if I did I would summon them together, and ask them to watch over you. To each burn a candle for you, to make bright and clear your path. And to walk, like Christ, in grace and love and guide you into my arms.
And I don't believe in the existence of angels but looking at you I wonder if that's true. But if I did I would summon them together, and ask them to watch over you.
Having endured the racial turmoil of the Civil Rights Movement without the overt violent conflict that haunted some of its southern neighbors, Atlanta was a city obsessed with economic progress. Just as editor Henry Grady had looked north for investment and support in the wake of the Civil War, the city's newest generation of boosters saw international dollars as the future for Atlanta.
Having endured the racial turmoil of the Civil Rights Movement without the overt violent conflict that haunted some of its southern neighbors, the Atlanta of the 1970s was a
city obsessed with economic progress, and it would undergo tremendous expansion in the last decades of the twentieth century.
Glancing through the 1977 Atlanta Yellow Pages reveals a city that had yet to be transformed by the proliferation of ethnic food: only ninety-two out of approximately fifteen hundred restaurants could be classified as non-American.
With forty-six Chinese, fourteen Japanese, eighteen Mexican, and only two Thai restaurants, Atlanta was a city still characterized by "all-American" food.
Grits and fried chicken won't disappear, but perhaps future southerners will enjoy them with a side of rice noodles or enchilada sauce.
Historian James C. Cobb has described southern identity as
"not a story of continuity versus change, but continuity within change." Grits and fried chicken won't disappear, but perhaps future southerners will enjoy them with a side of rice noodles or enchilada sauce.
As customers of all races, nationalities, and cultures visit the Dekalb Farmers Market by the thousands, I doubt that many stand in awe and contemplate the meaning of its existence. But in the capital of the Sunbelt South, the quiet revolution of immigration and food continues to upset and redefine the meanings of local, regional, and global identity.
In the capital of the Sunbelt South, the quiet revolution of immigration and food continues to upset and redefine the meanings of local, regional, and global identity.
It was an effect of light: quick sunlight dappling, yellow leaves falling (but from what? Were there even trees on West Fifty-seventh Street?), a shower of gold, spangled, very fast, a falling of the bright. Later I watched for this effect on similar bright days but never again experienced it. I wondered then if it had been a seizure, or stroke of some kind.
It was an effect of light: quick sunlight dappling, yellow leaves falling (but from what? Were there even trees on West Fifty-seventh Street?), a shower of gold, spangled, very fast, a falling of the bright. Later I watched for this effect on similar bright days but never again experienced it.
It was an effect of light: quick sunlight dappling, yellow leaves falling (but from what? Were there even trees on West Fifty-seventh Street?), a shower of gold, spangled, very fast, a falling of the bright.
And though my journeys did take me to a great many states, and covered a great many miles, at the very end of these food chains (which is to say, at the very beginning), I invariably found myself in almost exactly the same place: a farm field in the American Corn Belt.
At the very end of these food chains (which is to say, at the very beginning), I invariably found myself in almost exactly the same place: a farm field in the American Corn Belt.
Corn is what feeds the steer that becomes the steak. Corn feeds the chicken and the pig, the turkey and the lamb, the catfish and the tilapia and, increasingly, even the salmon, a
carnivore by nature that the fish farmers are reengineering to tolerate corn. The eggs are made of corn. The milk and cheese and yogurt, which once came from dairy cows that
grazed on grass, now typically come from cows that spend their working lives indoors tethered to machines, eating corn.
The milk and cheese and yogurt, which once came from dairy cows that grazed on grass, now typically come from cows that spend their working lives indoors tethered to machines, eating corn.
To wash down your chicken nuggets with virtually any soft drink in the supermarket is to have some corn with your corn. Since the 1980s virtually all the sodas and most of the fruit drinks sold in the supermarket have been sweetened with high-fructose corn syrup.
To wash down your chicken nuggets with virtually any soft drink in the supermarket is to have some corn with your corn.
Since the 1980s virtually all the sodas and most of the fruit drinks sold in the supermarket have been sweetened with high-fructose corn syrup. Grab a beer for your beverage instead and you'd still be drinking corn, in the form of alcohol fermented from glucose refined from corn. Read the ingredients on the label of any processed food and, provided you know the chemical names it travels under, corn is what you will find.
It takes more than a calorie of fossil fuel energy to produce a calorie of food. From the standpoint of industrial efficiency, it's too bad we can't simply drink the petroleum directly, because there's a lot less energy in a bushel of corn (measured in calories) than there is in the half gallon or so of oil required to produce it. Ecologically this is a fabulously expensive way to produce food.
It takes more than a calorie of fossil fuel energy to produce a calorie of food. From the standpoint of industrial efficiency, it's too bad we can't simply drink the petroleum directly.
Imagine for a moment if we once again knew these few unremarkable things: What it is we're eating. Where it came from. How it found its way to our table. And what, in a true
accounting, it really cost. We would no longer need any reminding that however we choose to feed ourselves, we eat by
the grace of nature, not industry, and what we're eating is never anything more or less than the body of the world.
However we choose to feed ourselves, we eat by
the grace of nature, not industry, and what we're eating is never anything more or less than the body of the world.
Danger is a topic you're often asked about as a sprinter. The common perception is that the final 200 meters of a Tour stage are the most dangerous and the most frightening. That might be half right, but while it may hold true that the final few seconds of a bike race are fastest and apparently chaotic, at 70 kph and 200 heartbeats per minute, there's simply no time for anxiety. Adrenaline, yes. Instinct, sure. But fear, no.
While it may hold true that the final few seconds of a bike race are fastest and apparently chaotic, at 70 kph and 200 heartbeats per minute, there's simply no time for anxiety. Adrenaline, yes. Instinct, sure. But fear, no.
While it may hold true that the final few seconds of a bike race are fastest and apparently chaotic, at 70 kph and 200 heartbeats per minute, there's simply no time for anxiety.
Pulp: 1. A soft, moist, shapeless mass or matter. 2. A magazine or book containing lurid subject matter and being characteristically printed on rough, unfinished paper.
Thing is Butch, right now you got ability. But painful as it may be, ability don't last. Now that's a hard fact of life, but it's a fact of life you're gonna have to get realistic about.
Thing is Butch, right now you got ability. But painful as it may be, ability don't last.
I'll miss the sea, but a person needs new experiences. They jar something deep inside, allowing him to grow. Without change something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken.
I'll miss the sea, but a person needs new experiences. Without change something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens.
I must not fear. Fear is the mind killer. Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when my fear is gone I will turn and face fear's path, and only I will remain.
I must not fear. Fear is the mind killer. Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear.
It is by will alone I set my mind in motion. It is by the juice of Sapho that thoughts acquire speed, the lips acquire stains, the stains become a warning. It is by will alone I set my mind in motion.
I've flown seven million miles. And I've been waiting on people almost 20 years. The best job I could get after my bust was Cabo Air, which is the worst job you can get in this industry. I make about sixteen thousand, with retirement benefits that ain't worth a damn. And now with this arrest hanging over my head, I'm scared. If I lose my job I gotta start all over again, but I got nothing to start over with.
I've flown seven million miles. And I've been waiting on people almost 20 years. The best job I could get after my bust was Cabo Air, which is the worst job you can get in this industry. And now with this arrest hanging over my head, I'm scared. If I lose my job I gotta start all over again, but I got nothing to start over with.
I've flown seven million miles. And I've been waiting on people almost 20 years. The best job I could get after my bust was Cabo Air, which is the worst job you can get in this industry.
In most cases, there is more to be gained by maximizing the performance of the driver than tricking out the car. The most important factor is the driver, the ultimate control system of a race car.
In most cases, there is more to be gained by maximizing the performance of the driver than tricking out the car.
If you want to drive a race car well, whether to win an Indy car race or just have fun competing in the middle of the pack in an amateur race, you must be seated properly in the car. First of all, you must be comfortable, otherwise it will be overly tiring and very difficult to concentrate. Many races have been lost simply because a driver lost concentration due to discomfort from a poorly fitted seat.
First of all, you must be comfortable, otherwise it will be overly tiring and very difficult to concentrate. Many races have been lost simply because a driver lost concentration due to discomfort from a poorly fitted seat.
First of all, you must be comfortable, otherwise it will be overly tiring and very difficult to concentrate. Many races have been lost due to discomfort from a poorly fitted seat.
Being comfortable in the car is critical. If you're not comfortable, it will not only take more physical energy to drive, but it will also affect you mentally. A painful body will reduce your concentration level.
I often see racers, particularly at the back of the pack in amateur races, trying to go fast, with their arms flailing around, banging off shifts, jerking the steering into a turn with feet stabbing at the pedals - the car usually in massive slides through the turns. It may feel fast and even look fast, but I'll guarantee it's not. If the driver would only slow down, the car would actually go faster. It reminds me of the saying, "never confuse movement for action."
I often see racers, particularly at the back of the pack in amateur races, trying to go fast, with their arms flailing around, banging off shifts, jerking the steering into a turn with feet stabbing at the pedals. If the driver would only slow down, the car would actually go faster. It reminds me of the saying, "never confuse movement for action."
If the driver would only slow down, the car would actually go faster. It reminds me of the saying, "never confuse movement for action."
The less you do with the controls, the less chance of error. Steer, shift, and use the pedals smoothly, and with finesse - not with blinding speed and brute force. The slower you move, the faster the car moves.
The less you do with the controls, the less chance of error. The slower you move, the faster the car moves.
Sometimes you concentrate more on racing the cars around you, rather than focusing on what you need to do. Having said that, some drivers actually perform best when there is a little extra incentive - like chasing another car. But be careful you don't get too caught up in what the competition is doing.  Focus on your own performance rather than on the competition.
Some drivers actually perform best when there is a little extra incentive - like chasing another car. But be careful you don't get too caught up in what the competition is doing.  Focus on your own performance rather than on the competition.
Be careful you don't get too caught up in what the competition is doing.  Focus on your own performance rather than on the competition.
Look and think as far ahead as possible. Often, a driver's natural reaction is to look at the wall or the point you're just about to get to. That's not enough. You won't drive a smooth, flowing line if you don't look far ahead. Looking well ahead, and concentrating on getting to where I'm looking, seems to really help me.
Look and think as far ahead as possible. Often, a driver's natural reaction is to look at the wall or the point you're just about to get to. That's not enough. You won't drive a smooth, flowing line if you don't look far ahead.
Look and think as far ahead as possible. Often, a driver's natural reaction is to look at the point you're just about to get to. That's not enough.
We often believe the more we practice a skill or technique - over and over again, many times - the better we'll get. This is not necessarily true. In fact, every time you practice a technique incorrectly, you're increasing your chances of doing it wrong again. It's easy to become very experienced at repeating the same mistakes. Practice doesn't make perfect; only perfect practice makes perfect.
Every time you practice a technique incorrectly, you're increasing your chances of doing it wrong again. It's easy to become very experienced at repeating the same mistakes. Practice doesn't make perfect; only perfect practice makes perfect.
It's usually best to run as quick as you can for the first few laps, then settle into a comfortable, consistent pace.
Never give up. Most races are decided in the last 10 percent of the race.
Never give up, no matter how far behind you are, no matter how unlikely it seems you will catch your competitor in front of you. Keep pushing until the checkered flag falls. How many times have you seen the leader of a race have a mechanical problem with only a few laps to go? You will never be able to take advantage of their problems if you are not close. You have to be close to take advantage of luck.
How many times have you seen the leader of a race have a mechanical problem with only a few laps to go? You will never be able to take advantage of their problems if you are not close. You have to be close to take advantage of luck.
Never give up, no matter how far behind you are, no matter how unlikely it seems you will catch your competitor in front of you. Keep pushing until the checkered flag falls.
Never give up, no matter how far behind you are, no matter how unlikely it seems you will catch your competitor in front of you.
When she returns to the forum page, her post is there. It is a way now, approximately, of being at home. The forum has become one of the most consistent places in her life, like a familiar cafe that exists somehow outside of geography and beyond time zones.
The forum has become one of the most consistent places in her life, like a familiar cafe that exists somehow outside of geography and beyond time zones.
There are perhaps twenty regular posters on the forum, and some much larger and uncounted number of lurkers. And right now there are three people in chat, but there's no way of knowing exactly who until you are in there, and the chat room she finds not so comforting. It's strange even with friends, like sitting in a pitch-dark cellar conversing with people a distance of about fifteen feet.
The chat room she finds not so comforting. It's strange even with friends, like sitting in a pitch-dark cellar conversing with people a distance of about fifteen feet. The hectic speed, and the brevity of the lines in the thread, plus the feeling that everyone is talking at once, at counter-purposes, deter her.
Right now there are three people in chat, but there's no way of knowing exactly who until you are in there, and the chat room she finds not so comforting.
There are perhaps twenty regular posters on the forum, and some much larger and uncounted number of lurkers.
The hectic speed, and the brevity of the lines in the thread, plus the feeling that everyone is talking at once, at counter-purposes, deter her.
How do I live without the ones I love? Time still turns the pages of the book it's burned. Place and time always on my mind. I have so much to say but you're so far away.
I've been thinking lots about my life and how quick I'd wash it down the drain. Past tense, the future, nothing matters now. I act on my own and I'm to blame. Living's a wicked dream, where things turn out all wrong. We're all so weak, no matter how strong.
I've been thinking lots about my life and how quick I'd wash it down the drain. Past tense, the future, nothing matters now. I act on my own and I'm to blame.
Ultimately, this is not about solving your problems. It's about realizing that there are no problems. Only situations - to be dealt with now, or to be left alone and accepted as part of the "isness" of the present moment until they change or can be dealt with.
It's about realizing that there are no problems. Only situations - to be dealt with now, or to be left alone and accepted as part of the "isness" of the present moment until they change or can be dealt with.
Problems are mind-made and need time to survive. They cannot survive in the actuality of the Now.
Focus your attention on the Now and tell me what problem you have at this moment. I am not getting any answer because it is impossible to have a problem when your attention is fully in the Now. A situation that needs to be either dealt with or accepted - yes.
Focus your attention on the Now and tell me what problem you have at this moment. I am not getting any answer because it is impossible to have a problem when your attention is fully in the Now.
Buddhism addresses two major types of meditation. Vipassana can be translated as "insight," a clear awareness of exactly what is happening as it happens. Samatha can be translated as "concentration" or "tranquility". It is a state in 
which the mind is brought to rest, focused only on one item and not allowed to wander.
Samatha is a state in which the mind is brought to rest, focused only on one item and not allowed to wander. When this is done, a deep calm pervades body and mind, a state of tranquility which must be experienced to be understood.
A few light taps upon the pane made him turn to the window. It had begun to snow again. He watched sleepily the flakes, silver and dark, falling obliquely against the lamplight. The time had come for him to set out on his journey westward.
A few light taps upon the pane made him turn to the window. It had begun to snow again. He watched sleepily the flakes, silver and dark, falling obliquely against the lamplight.
A few light taps upon the pane made him turn to the window. It had begun to snow again.
His soul swooned slowly as he heard the snow falling faintly through the universe and faintly falling, like the descent of their last end, upon all the living and the dead.
Bullet Tooth Tony: "A bookie's got blagged last night." Avi: "Blagged? Do me a favor, Tony, speak English. I thought this country spawned the language, and so far nobody seems to speak it!" Tony: "Blagged - robbed. I gotta see a man who looks like he might know something, but it can't be done on the phone, if you know what I mean." Rose Bud: "I need a gun."  Tony: "No you don't, Rose Bud my old son, you need me."
Bullet Tooth Tony: "A bookie's got blagged last night." Avi: "Blagged? Do me a favor, Tony, speak English. I thought this country spawned the language, and so far nobody seems to speak it!" Tony: "Blagged - robbed."
Bullet Tooth Tony: "I gotta see a man who looks like he might know something, but it can't be done on the phone, if you know what I mean." Rose Bud: "I need a gun."  Tony: "No you don't, Rose Bud my old son, you need me."
I gotta see a man who looks like he might know something, but it can't be done on the phone, if you know what I mean.
Franky Four Fingers: "I have stones to sell, fat to chew, and many different men to see about many different ducks, so if I am not rushing you..." Doug the Head: "Slow down, Franky, my son. When in Rome..." Franky: "I am not in Rome, Doug. I am in a rush."
I have stones to sell, fat to chew, and many different men to see about many different ducks, so if I am not rushing you...
After you got six pieces, you gotta get rid of 'em. Of course you can't just leave it in the deep freeze for your mum to discover, can ya?
Brick Top: "After you got six pieces, you gotta get rid of 'em. Of course you can't just leave it in the deep freeze for your mum to discover, can ya?" Pause while the guys are still holding the body. The door opens and in walks Errol. He passes Brick Top a cup of tea in a take away container.
What you gonna do with your man there? You're always gonna have problems lifting a body in one piece. Apparently the best thing to do is cut the corpse up into six pieces and pile it all together. After you got six pieces you gotta get rid of 'em, of course you can't leave it in the deep freeze for your mum to discover, can ya?
And then I hear the best thing to do is feed 'em to pigs. You gotta starve the pigs for a few days, then the sight of a chopped up body looks like curry to a drunk. You gotta shave the heads of your victims and pull the teeth out. You could do that after of course, but you don't want to go sieving pig shit do you? Ever seen the size of one of their molars? They go through bone like it's butter. You gotta have a few pigs though, you need about sixteen. They will go through a body that weighs two hundred pounds in about eight minutes. That means that a single pig can consume two pounds of uncooked flesh every minute... Hence the expression "greedy as a pig."
Ever seen the size of one of their molars? They go through bone like it's butter. You gotta have a few pigs though, you need about sixteen. They will go through a body that weighs two hundred pounds in about eight minutes. That means that a single pig can consume two pounds of uncooked flesh every minute... Hence the expression "greedy as a pig."
Ever seen the size of one of their molars? They go through bone like it's butter. You gotta have a few pigs though, you need about sixteen.
The car has stopped. Vinny: "What have you stopped here for? What's wrong with that space over there?" Tyrone: "It's too tight." Vinny: "What are you talking about, tight? You could land a jumbo jet in there!" Sol: "Hey, leave him alone, he's a natural. Ain't you Tyrone?" Tyrone gets a little over-excited with the accelerator and reverses with a crashing sound into the rear of the van behind them. Vinny: "A natural idiot! Tyrone, what have you done!" Sol: "Yeah Tyrone, what have you done?"
The car has stopped. Vinny: "What have you stopped here for? What's wrong with that space over there?" Tyrone: "It's too tight." Vinny: "What are you talking about, tight? You could land a jumbo jet in there!"
Tyrone: "I don't want that dog dribbling on my seats." Vinny: "Your seats? Tyrone, this is a stolen car, mate." Tyrone: "While I'm at the wheel, it's my car. Just stop that dog dribbling on my seats, alright?"
"Look, you hassle me, you see what happens," Tyrone makes to move the car forward again. Vinny: "No, don't move it now, otherwise people will see the damage. What did you do that for?" Tyrone: "I didn't see it there." Vinny: "It's a four ton truck, Tyrone, it's not as though it's a packet of peanuts, is it?" Tyrone: "It was at a funny angle!" Vinny is confused as to this last statement, "It was behind you, Tyrone, whenever you reverse things come from behind you!"
Vinny: "It's a four ton truck, Tyrone, it's not as though it's a packet of peanuts, is it?" Tyrone: "It was at a funny angle!" Vinny is confused as to this last statement, "It was behind you, Tyrone, whenever you reverse things come from behind you!"
It's a four ton truck, Tyrone, it's not as though it's a packet of peanuts, is it? It was behind you, whenever you reverse things come from behind you!
It's a four ton truck, Tyrone, it's not as though it's a packet of peanuts, is it?
It was behind you, Tyrone, whenever you reverse things come from behind you!
Hope you're feeling better now, hope you got my letter, how is my stormy weather now, is it gonna change? Can I be like everyone, pretending that there's nothing wrong? Remember when we walked upon clouds that never rain?  But every cloud must drain...
Hope you're feeling better now, hope you got my letter, how is my stormy weather now, is it gonna change?
Can I be like everyone, pretending that there's nothing wrong? Remember when we walked upon clouds that never rain?  But every cloud must drain.
Baby, ever wondered why I could make you laugh and cry? Eclipsing all your summer skies, some things never change. And I need it more than love, and I love it more than life, and I want those stars above to shine this night.
Baby, ever wondered why I could make you laugh and cry? Eclipsing all your summer skies, some things never change.
And I need it more than love, and I love it more than life, and I want those stars above to shine this night.
All at sea again, and now my hurricanes, have brought down this ocean rain, to bathe me again. My ship's a-sail, can you hear its tender frame, screaming from beneath the waves, screaming from beneath the waves? All hands on deck at dawn, sailing to sadder shores. Your port in my heavy storms, harbors the blackest thoughts.
All at sea again, and now my hurricanes, have brought down this ocean rain, to bathe me again. My ship's a-sail, can you hear its tender frame, screaming from beneath the waves, screaming from beneath the waves?
All hands on deck at dawn, sailing to sadder shores. Your port in my heavy storms, harbors the blackest thoughts.
All at sea again, and now my hurricanes, have brought down this ocean rain, to bathe me again.
My ship's a-sail, can you hear its tender frame, screaming from beneath the waves, screaming from beneath the waves?
Seems... well this seems to be a waste of my time. That is nine hundred nicker in any shop you're lucky enough to find one in, and you're complaining about two hundred? What school of finance did you study? It's a deal, it's a steal, it's the sale of the beeping century! In fact, beep it Nick, I think I'll keep it!
Well this seems to be a waste of my time. That is nine hundred nicker in any shop you're lucky enough to find one in, and you're complaining about two hundred? What school of finance did you study? It's a deal, it's a steal, it's the sale of the beeping century! In fact, beep it Nick, I think I'll keep it!
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious is Vielle's favorite word to type on TypeRacer.
The firm-foundation theory argues that each investment instrument, be it a common stock or a piece of real estate, has a firm anchor of something called intrinsic value, which can be determined by careful analysis of present conditions and future prospects.
The point is that the firm-foundation theory relies on some tricky forecasts of the extent and duration of future growth. The foundation of intrinsic value may thus be less dependable than is claimed.
Perhaps the most successful disciple of the Graham and Dodd approach was a canny midwesterner named Warren Buffett, who is often called "the sage of Omaha." Buffett compiled a legendary investment record, allegedly following the approach of the firm-foundation theory.
The castle-in-the-air theory of investing concentrates on psychic values. John Maynard Keynes, a famous economist and successful investor, enunciated the theory most lucidly in 1936. It was his opinion that professional investors prefer to devote their energies not to estimating intrinsic values, but rather to analyzing how the crowd of investors is likely to behave in the future and how during periods of optimism they tend to build their hopes into castles in the air. The successful investor tries to beat the gun by estimating what investment situations are most susceptible to public castle-building and then buying before the crowd.
Selling short is a way to make money if stock prices fall. It involves selling stock you do not currently own in the expectation of buying it back later at a lower price. It's hoping to buy low and sell high, but in reverse order.
It is not hard to make money in the market. What is hard to avoid is the alluring temptation to throw your money away on short, get-rich-quick speculative binges. It is an obvious lesson, but one frequently ignored.
The lessons of market history are clear. Styles and fashions in investors' evaluations of securities can and often do play a critical role in the pricing of securities. The stock market at times conforms well to the castle-in-the-air theory. For this reason, the game of investing can be extremely dangerous.
From 1955 to 1990, the value of Japanese real estate increased more than 75 times. By 1990, the total value of all Japanese property was estimated at nearly $20 trillion - equal to more than 20 percent of the entire world's wealth and about double the total value of the world's stock markets.
Dozens of companies, even those that had little or nothing to do with the Net, changed their names to include web-oriented designations such as dot.com, dotnet, or Internet. Three researchers from Purdue University, M. Cooper, D. Dimitrov, and P. R. Rau, studied sixty-three companies that changed their names in 1998 and 1999 to include some web orientation. Measuring the price change of the companies from five days prior to a name change (when word of the change began to leak out) to five days after the change was announced, they confirmed a remarkable effect. Companies that changed their names enjoyed an increase in price during that ten-day period that was 125 percent greater than that of their peers. This price increase occurred even when the company's core business had nothing whatsoever to do with the Net.
The key to investing is not how much an industry will affect society or even how much it will grow, but rather its ability to make and sustain profits.
Technical analysis is essentially the making and interpreting of stock charts. Thus, its practitioners, a small but abnormally dedicated cult, are called chartists or technicians.
A useful rule, called "the rule of 72," provides a shortcut way to determine how long it takes for money to double. Take the interest rate you earn and divide it into the number 72, and you get the number of years it will take to double your money. For example, if the interest rate is 15 percent, it takes a bit less than five years for your money to double (72 divided by 15 = 4.8 years).
A rational investor should be willing to pay a higher price for a share the larger the growth rate of dividends and earnings.
Numerous studies have shown similar results. Radiologists have failed to recognize the presence of lung disease in about 30 percent of the X-ray plates they read, despite the clear presence of the disease on the X-ray film. Another experiment proved that professional staffs in psychiatric hospitals could not tell the sane from the insane. The point is that we should not take for granted the reliability and accuracy of any judge, no matter how expert.
To be sure, when an analyst says "buy" he may mean "hold," and when he says "hold" he probably means this as a euphemism for "dump this piece of crap as soon as possible."
The single most important thing you can do to achieve financial security is to begin a regular savings program and to start it as early as possible.
The poor and the middle class work for money. The rich have money work for them.
Wealth is a person's ability to survive so many number of days forward - or, if I stopped working today, how long could I survive?
An important distinction is that rich people buy luxuries last, while the poor and middle class tend to buy luxuries first. The poor and the middle class often buy luxury items like big houses, diamonds, furs, jewelry, or boats because they want to look rich. They look rich, but in reality they just get deeper in debt on credit.
But what many people who have never formed a corporation don't know is that a corporation is not really a thing. A corporation is merely a file folder with some legal documents in it, sitting in some attorney's office and registered with a state government agency. It's not a big building or a factory or a group of people.
Every time people try to punish the rich, the rich don't simply comply. They react. They have the money, power, and intent to change things. They don't just sit there and voluntarily pay more taxes. Instead, they search for ways to minimize their tax burden. They hire smart attorneys and accountants, and persuade politicians to change laws or create legal loopholes. They use their resources to effect change.
Employees earn and get taxed, and they try to live on what is left. A corporation earns, spends everything it can, and is taxed on anything that is left. It's one of the biggest legal tax loopholes that the rich use.
For example, by owning your own corporation, your vacations can be board meetings in Hawaii. Car payments, insurance, repairs, and health-club memberships are company expenses. Most restaurant meals are partial expenses, and on and on. But it's done legally with pre-tax dollars.
When someone sues a wealthy individual, they are often met with layers of legal protection and often find that the wealthy person actually owns nothing. They control everything, but own nothing.
I always make offers with escape clauses. In real estate, I make an offer with language that details "subject-to" contingencies, such as the approval of a business partner. Never specify who the business partner is. Most people don't know that my partner is my cat.
Doreen had intuition. Everything she said was like a secret voice speaking straight out of my own bones.
There must be quite a few things a hot bath won't cure, but I don't know many of them.
Buddy sat down beside me. He put his arm around my waist and brushed the hair from my ear. I didn't move. Then I heard him whisper, 'How would you like to be Mrs Buddy Willard?' I had an awful impulse to laugh.
And I knew that in spite of all the roses and kisses and restaurant dinners a man showered on a woman before he married her, what he secretly wanted when the wedding service ended was for her to flatten out underneath his feet like Mrs Willard's kitchen mat.
I'd discovered, after a lot of extreme apprehension about what spoons to use, that if you do something incorrect at table with a certain arrogance, as if you knew perfectly well you were doing it properly, you can get away with it and nobody will think you are bad-mannered or poorly brought up. They will think you are original and very witty.
I remembered a worrisome course in the Victorian novel where woman after woman died, palely and nobly, in torrents of blood, after a difficult childbirth.
In his dealings with the world the gentleman is not invariably for or against anything. He is on the side of what is moral.
Do not worry because you have no official position. Worry about your qualifications. Do not worry because no one appreciates your abilities. Seek to be worthy of appreciation.
The gentleman understands what is moral. The small man understands what is profitable.
When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self.
In a hamlet of ten households, there are bound to be those who are my equal in doing their best for others and in being trustworthy in what they say, but they are unlikely to be as eager to learn as I am.
There were four things the Master refused to have anything to do with: he refused to entertain conjectures or insist on certainty; he refused to be inflexible or to be egotistical.
You do not understand even life. How can you understand death?
The gentleman helps others to realize what is good in them; he does not help them to realize what is bad in them. The small man does the opposite.
The gentleman cannot be appreciated in small things but is acceptable in great matters. A small man is not acceptable in great matters but can be appreciated in small things.
I have a dream that one day the state of Alabama, whose governor's lips are presently dripping with the words of interposition and nullification, will be transformed into a situation where little black boys and black girls will be able to join hands with little white boys and white girls and walk together as sisters and brothers.
This is our hope. This is the faith with which I return to the South. With this faith we will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope. With this faith we will be able to transform the jangling discords of our nation into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood. With this faith we will be able to work together, to pray together, to struggle together, to go to jail together, to stand up for freedom together, knowing that we will be free one day.
But there is something that I must say to my people who stand on the warm threshold which leads into the palace of justice. In the process of gaining our rightful place we must not be guilty of wrongful deeds. Let us not seek to satisfy our thirst for freedom by drinking from the cup of bitterness and hatred.
I am not unmindful that some of you have come here out of great trials and tribulations. Some of you have come fresh from narrow cells. Some of you have come from areas where your quest for freedom left you battered by the storms of persecution and staggered by the winds of police brutality. You have been the veterans of creative suffering. Continue to work with the faith that unearned suffering is redemptive.
O-objection! I... object to the witness's talkativeness.
Amateurs, amateurs. Listen to me, Mr. Wright. In the courtroom, proof is everything. Without it, you have nothing. You ARE nothing.
Our job is to find truth, no matter how painful it may be.
The prosecution will wait... I'm not finished eating.
When there's gunshots, there's bound to be bullets.
Will the witness please state his name and occupation.
I set my ATM card's number to "0001" because I'm number one!
Come, come here to meet T.B.C. If you want to ring the king, the computer is your thing. We, we, we are T., B. and C.
My name is Tou-gyou. I am the King of Tong-nou. Rin, I too have been set free with your Katana. Tong-nou is not a world where souls are devoured. It calls forth the troubled souls to stabilize and purify. It was an island of purification. But, King-gyou, Sui-gyou, Moku-gyou and Ka-gyou discovered the use of human souls. They united to tear me into eight pieces and scattered my parts in eight directions. The eight pieces of my body were dispersed all over the Tong-nou World. I called for a strong soul to gather my pieces. Again and again, I called out for a strong soul to perform the rescue. But unfortunately, these souls could not withstand the force of the four Kings and were devoured. The last soul I called for was the ninth one, which happened to be yours.
You have saved me. Rin your soul, which has traveled the Tong-Nou World, is now more brilliant and more stronger than it has ever been. Now it is time to return to where you belong. Tong-Nou will return as the "Isle of Purgation." It shall never devour a soul again. Your soul returns, emitting beautiful light.
I'm an evil doctor with rad genius and bad minions. Who'll help you save the world and to intervene. I've been moving at you like never ever seen. I'm the greatest fighter you will ever see on the screen. I'm iconic, with my bionic animatronics. I'll finally be able to catch that hedgehog they call Sonic! My filming is atomic, my mustache on fire. Welcome to the world of Eggman Empire.
Everything will continue eternally by performing repetition. Time is located within this accumulation of repetition. Here, life is not a beginning and death is not an ending. Your soul will travel on to the next life and again on to the next. This journey will never come to an end. Everything will continue eternally by performing repetition. Eventually your soul will speak to you. The soul will speak of the time spent with each journey. Your life is one part of this enormous transmigration. The infinite repetition of life creates this enormous transmigration. All that has been accumulated is of value. Fortune and misfortune, pleasure and suffering, the useful and useless. All that has been acquired will be inherited to the next life. Your soul will continue this traveling eternally. Into the infinite and eternal future.
Here I come, rougher than the rest of them. The best of them, tougher than leather. You can call me Knuckles, unlike Sonic I don't chuckle. I'd rather flex my muscles.
Can't hold on much longer. But I will never let go! I know it's a one way track. Tell me now how long this'll last! I'm not gonna think this way. Nor will I count on others! Close my eyes and feel it burn. Now I see what I gotta do! Open your heart, it's gonna be alright.
I'm a Barbie girl, in the Barbie world. Life in plastic, it's fantastic. You can brush my hair, undress me everywhere. Imagination, life is your creation. Come on Barbie, let's go party!
I'm a beatbox rocker. And you're dancing to my beat. I'm a beatbox rocker. And you're dancing to my beat. I'm a beatbox rocker. And you're dancing to my beat. I'm a beatbox rocker. And I never sound the same.
Well, now, don't you tell me to smile. You stick around I'll make it worth your while. My number's beyond what you can dial. Maybe it's because we're so versatile. Style, profile, I said. It always brings me back when I hear, "ooh, child!" From the Hudson River out to the Nile. I run the marathon to the very last mile. Well, if you battle me I feel reviled. People always sayin' my style is wild. You've got gall, you've got guile. Step to me. I'm a rap-o-phile. If you want to battle you're in denial. Comin' from Uranus to check my style. Go ahead, put my rhymes on trial. Cast you off into exile.
One more turn and I'll settle the score. A rubber fire screams into the night. Crash and burn is what you're gonna do. I am the master of the asphalt fight.
Final lap, I'm on top of the world, and I will never rest for second again! One more time I have beaten them out. The scent of gasoline announces the end. They all said I'd best give it up. What a fool to believe their lies. Now they've fallen, I'm at the top. Are you ready now to die? I came up from the bottom and into the top. For the first time I feel alive. I can fly like an eagle and strike like a hawk. Do you think you can survive... the top?
What were you thinking, telling me to change my game? This star wasn't going anywhere, it was kaput! Don't you see what I've done with this place, with this whole thing? Don't you see that I've changed the game? No, I am the game! Before I knew where this was going, I would've listened to you. Right now I distance myself from whatever you have to say. I've made this something way bigger than you are ever gonna be. I made it this far, and I'm taking it to the top.
I got out my map and chose a place I wanted to go to (packed up my stuff, set out for adventure). I know that your lucky color is that cool shade of blue (won't mind painting myself blue for you). I guess I'm so... easy to understand. I just do whatever comes to me naturally. Alright. I do understand the feelings of a Persian Cat (but the Sphinx looked so cute, I had to shave it). He reminds me of parsley when he's standing there all alone (makes me wanna be his speci-ality). I guess I'm just a self-centered girl. But there are nights that I have trouble going to sleep.
Can you feel the sunshine? Does it brighten up your day? Don't you feel that sometimes you just need to run away? Reach out for the sunshine, forget about the rain. Just think about the good times and they will come back again.
King Harkinian: Zelda, Duke Onkled is under attack by the evil forces of Ganon. I'm going to Gamelon to aid him. Zelda: But, Father, what if something happens to you? King Harkinian: I'll take the Triforce of Courage to protect me. If you don't hear from me in a month, send Link. Zelda: Impa?! Impa: Don't worry, Zelda. The Triforce of Wisdom promises your father will safely return. King Harkinian: Enough! My ship sails in the morning. I wonder what's for dinner. Link: Oh, boy! I'm so hungry, I could eat an Octorok!
You dare bring light to my lair? You must die!
Lamp oil? Rope? Bombs? You want it? It's yours, my friend, as long as you have enough rubies.
Sorry, Link. I can't give credit. Come back when you're a little... mmmmm... richer!
Ah-ha! There's the problem: Too many toasters! You know what they say: "All toasters toast toast!"
He never did... anything that was... illegal... Unless you count all the times he sold dope disguised as a nun.
Sucker play or not, I must have turned her on somethin' fierce. I mean, this dame was goin' for broke. Maybe it was her first time with a New Yorker, I dunno. Anyway, nothing can beat good old American know-how. And I was givin' this broad "The Stars and Stripes Forever".
But I had a point here. A lesson, if you will. There are other organisations out there. And, in time, I'm sure they're going to spoon-feed you their own patented form of bull. Ignore the verbage and look at what they're doing. What they're asking you to do. What sort of world they'd have you build and how they're going to pay for it.
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard, and they're like: it's better than yours. Damn right it's better than yours. I can teach you, but I have to charge.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Heroes in a half-shell. Turtle power!
And so, having defeated the nefarious Psy-crow, our hero, Earthworm Jim, wins back the heart of the lovely princess What's Her Name. And so, having defeated the nefarious Psy-crow, our hero, Earthworm Jim, wins back the heart of the lovely princess COW. And so, having defeated the nefarious COW, our hero, Earthworm Jim, wins back the heart of the lovely princess COW. And so, having defeated the nefarious COW, our hero, COW, wins back the heart of the lovely princess COW.
The year 1997 has arrived. A herd of ugly reds are rushing from the mainland. Crime rate skyrockeded! Hongkong is ruined! Therefore, the Hongkong government called Bruce Lee's relative "Chin" for the massacre of the reds. Chin is a killer machine. Wipe out all 1.2 billion of the red communists! However, in mainland China there was a secret project in progress! A project to transform the deceased Tong Shau Ping into an ultimate weapon!
Dwayne Elizondo Camacho... Five-time Ultimate Smackdown champion... Movie superstar... And president of the United States.
Joe: For the last time, I'm pretty sure what's killing the crops is this Brawndo stuff. Secretary of State: But Brawndo's got what plants crave. It's got electrolytes. Attorney General: So wait a minute. What you're saying is that you want us to put water on the crops. Joe: Yes. Attorney General: Water. Like out the toilet?
The year 1939 when Charlie Chaplin and his evil nazi regime enslaved Europe in trying to take over the world! But then an even greater force emerged: the UN! And the UN un-nazied the world. Forever!
Now I understand everyone's crap's emotional right now. But listen up. I got a three point plan to fix EVERYTHING! Number 1: we got this guy Not Sure. Number 2: he's got a higher IQ than any man ALIVE! And number 3: he's gonna fix everything! I give you my word as PRESIDENT! He'll fix the problems with all the dead crops. He's gonna make 'em GROW again! And that ain't all. I give you my word! He's gonna fix the dust storms too. Hah! And I give you my word! He's gonna fix-x-x-x-x-x-x the economy. And he's so smart! Hah! He's gonna do it all, hah, in one week.
I'll solve equations with my right hand and write names with my left. I'll take a potato chip; AND EAT IT!
Only I could do it! I was well aware that killing people is crime in itself! Yet at that point it was the only way to make things right! I thought to myself that someday people will come to realize this as much, and regard it as an act of justice! I had no choice but to act as Kira... it was the destiny given to me. I was chosen to renew this rotten world, to bring about true peace - a utopia.
No. You're just a murderer, Light Yagami. And this notebook is the deadliest weapon of mass murder in the history of mankind. You yielded to the power of the shinigami and the notebook and you have confused yourself with a god. In the end, you're nothing more than a crazy serial killer. That's all you are. Nothing more, and nothing less.
Don't worry, Commander Rester, making assumptions is part of any investigation. If we're wrong, all it'll cost is an apology.
No matter what the world is, the god of that world creates the rules. In truth, you have been defeated by the rules I created. And as punishment for defying the God of the new world, you will die...
You're asking me why? I did it 'cause I was bored.
I just can't sit any other way than this. If I sit the way other people do, my reasoning ability drops by 40%.
This world is rotten, and those who are making it rot deserve to die! Someone has to do it, so why not me? Even if it means sacrificing my own mind and soul, it's worth it. Because the world can't go on like this! I wonder what if someone else had picked up this notebook? Is there anyone out there other than me who'd be willing to eliminate the vermin from the world? If I don't do it, then who will? That's just it; there's no one! I can do it! In fact... I'm the only one who can! I'll do it. Using the Death Note, I'll change the world.
Let's just say this: you will feel the fear and pain known only to humans who've used the notebook. And when it's your time to die, it will fall on me to write your name in my death note. Be warned any human who's used a death note can neither go to heaven nor hell for eternity... That's all.
The human whose name is written in this note shall die.
The human whose name is written in this note shall die. This note will not take effect unless the writer has the person's face in their mind when writing his/her name. Therefore, people sharing the same name will not be affected.
If the cause of death is written within 40 seconds of writing the person's name, it will happen. If the cause of death is not specified, the person will simply die of a heart attack. After writing the cause of death, details of death should be written in the next 6 minutes and 40 seconds.
If the time of death is written within 40 seconds after writing the cause of death as a heart attack, the time of death can be manipulated, and the time can go into effect within 40 seconds after writing the name.
In the end, L is indeed the greatest detective on earth...
Aladeen: Hey, do you remember my favorite sports car? Nadal: You mean your Porsche? Aladeen: Yes... the 911. Nadal: 911, it's the best! Aladeen: So I was driving the 911 near the Palace one day... and I totally crashed! It's okay, I've already ordered a new one. A brand new 911 2012. Nadal: You know, while you are here, you should try to see some of the sights such as the Empire State Building and Yankee Stadium. Aladeen: And I'd love to see the fireworks over the Statue of Liberty. Nadal: Hey, have your old back problems been bothering you? Aladeen: Oh, it's been terrible! It got so bad that I made myself a back brace. Nadal: Really? Aladeen: Yes, look, I'm still wearing it. Aladeen: Hey, my English is getting good. I bet I can count down from five faster than you can! Aladeen and Nadal: Five, four, three, two, one!
Waiter: What is your name? Aladeen: Allison Burgers. Waiter: That's a made up name. What's your real name? Aladeen: Ladiz. Waiter: Ladiz what? Aladeen: Ladiz Washroom. Waiter: So your name is like the sign. Ladies washroom? That is a made up name, what is your real name? I am interested. We are interested. Aladeen: Emplyes. Waiter: Emplyes what!? Aladeen: Emplyes Mustwashhands. Waiter: That is a made up name. What is your real name? Aladeen: Max. Waiter: Max what? Aladeen: Imumoccupancy120. Waiter: There's a number in the name? WHO ARE YOU!?
Slade: Who are you? Osama Bin Laden's best friend? Aladeen: No, he is not my best friend. Although he has been staying in my guest house ever since they shot his double last year. Now the guy won't leave. I know why this guy is the most hated man in the world. You just have to go to the bathroom after him. You go to the bathroom after Osama, you will realize the true meaning of terrorism.
Now if there's one thing you can be sure of, it's that nothing is more powerful than a young boy's wish. Except an Apache helicopter. An Apache helicopter has machine guns and missiles. It is an unbelievably impressive complement of weaponry, an absolute death machine.
When you meet the right person, you know it. You can't stop thinking about them. They are your best friend, and your soulmate. You can't wait to spend the rest of your life with them. No one and nothing else can compare.
PETITION: to make whiney congressmen play violent video games.
Bless me father, for I have really sinned. Really. I'm not kidding here. Big sinner.
Ooh, Krotchy gets his own day. Why do I suspect the mayor owns stock in this toy company?
Today's the first day of the end of your lives.
Hmm, looks like the chad is still hanging on that one, but I'm sure they'll count it.
Games are bad. They make you mad. Games are bad. They make you mad. Games are bad. They make you mad.
It's time to kick ass and chew bubble gum... and I'm all outta gum.
All right, you primitive screw-heads, listen up! See this? This... is my boomstick! - It's a twelve-gauge, double-barreled Remington. S-Mart's top of the line. You can find this in the sporting goods department. That's right, this sweet baby was made in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Retails for about $109.95. It's got a walnut stock, cobalt-blue steel, and a hair trigger. That's right... shop smart: shop S-Mart... Ya got that?
Every night, I live and die, feel the party to my bones. Watch the wasters blow the speakers, spill my guts beneath the outdoor light. It's just another graceless night.
She was calling to him, inviting him, murmuring in his ear. Exactly so. They would jump together. He was with her now, peering into an abyss, and they saw how the scree plunged down through the cloud cover. Hand in hand, they would fall backwards.
I'm taking over my body. Back in control, no more shotty. I bet a lot of me was lost, t's uncrossed and i's undotted. I fought it a lot. And it seems a lot like flesh is all I got. Not anymore, flesh out the door. Swat. I must've forgot, you can't trust me. I'm open a moment and close when you show it. Before you know it, I'm lost at sea. And now that I write and think about it. And the story unfolds.
The fairy Navi awakens Link from a nightmare in which he witnesses a man in black armor pursuing a young girl on horseback. Navi brings Link to the Great Deku Tree, who is cursed and near death. The Deku Tree tells Link a "wicked man of the desert" cursed him and seeks to conquer the world, and that Link must stop him. Before dying, the Great Deku Tree gives Link the Spiritual Stone of the Forest and sends him to Hyrule Castle to speak with Hyrule's princess.
Mr. Hodge began explaining the point of the hike, something about fitting into nature, finding one's identity through connecting with one's environment. "For the first part of the hike, I want you to walk in complete silence, to really concentrate on what you're seeing around you," he said. "Then we'll stop and chat about what we've discovered in that silence."
Despairing, Jonah trudged forward. He could see the other kids snaking along the trail ahead of him, going deeper and deeper into the woods. Jonah had managed to talk to only five of them. Even if Chip reached all the others, would they believe him? What could they do, anyhow?
Did those words sound ominous to anyone else? Jonah looked around, but most of the kids just looked bored and distant, as if this was a particularly dull class at school.
"Oh, I almost forgot," he said. "There's a really interesting rock formation, right as you enter the cave. I forget the exact scientific explanation, but there's something odd about the composition of the rock, so if you spread your hand out and touch it in the right spot, you can feel one patch of the stone that's about fifteen degrees colder than the rest of the rock. It's very bizarre. I'll show you where to touch as we're going in."
Instantly, he felt humiliated for saying that - how nerdy could he be? He didn't have to look back at Katherine to know that she was probably rolling her eyes, mouthing the words, "Really, we're not related. Not by blood."
It wasn't dark beyond the cave door - darkness would be something; darkness would mean that, with a little light, there'd be plenty to see. Darkness would be comforting, actually. This was so much worse.
Nothing. It was like being deep in outer space, so far away from everything else that he couldn't even see any stars.
Oh, we knew we couldn't save everyone. Much as we would have liked to, say, save every victim of the twentieth-century European Holocaust, we knew that was off-limits. The ripple would have been extreme - too much happened as a result of the Holocaust. But to save even the small, insignificant victims of the past - the 'orphans of history,' as it were - didn't our own humanity demand that we try?
And, thus, we could transform those dark days of humanity into a triumph of the human spirit, of modern humanitarianism.
Life is to be lived, not controlled; and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat.
So we finish 18 and he's gonna stiff me. And I say, 'Hey, Lama, hey, how about a little somethin', you know, for the effort, you know.' And he says, 'Oh, uh, there won't be any money, but when you die, on your deathbed, you will receive total consciousness.' So I got that goin' for me, which is nice.
Empire had the better ending. I mean, Luke gets his hand cut off, finds out Vader's his father, Han gets frozen and taken away by Boba Fett. It ends on such a down note. I mean, that's what life is, a series of down endings. All Jedi had was a bunch of Muppets.
Dear Theodosia, what to say to you? You have my eyes, you have your mother's name, when you came into the world you cried. And it broke my heart. I've dedicated every day to you. Domestic life was never quite my style.
Well the years start coming and they don't stop coming. Fed to the rules and I hit the ground running. Didn't make sense not to live for fun. Your brain gets smart but your head gets dumb. So much to do, so much to see. So what's wrong with taking the back streets? You'll never know if you don't go. You'll never shine if you don't glow.
When I see you, the whole world reduces to just that room. And then I remember, and I'm shy that gossip's eye will look too soon. And then I'm trapped, overthinking. And yeah, probably self-doubt. You tell me to get over it and to take you out.
Did you think I was a city big enough for a weekend getaway? I am the town surrounding it - the one you've never heard of but always pass through. There are no neon lights here, no skyscrapers or statues. But there is thunder. For I make bridges tremble. I am not street meat, I am homemade jam - thick enough to cut the sweetest thing your lips will touch.
I can fly like an eagle and strike like a hawk.
I can fly like an eagle and strike like a hawk.
What is the answer? In that case, what is the question?
If you ain't true to yourself then you ain't true to nobody.
Zis tank is ze ultimate veapon. You vill not vin!
...and PRESTO!! The cup has completely disappeared.
The derby is over and the results are in. Last place... YOU!
Crude and bad, 'cause we're from the wrong side of the lily pad.
Delicious and vicious, while maliciously nutritious.
Don't m-m-m-misunderstand my flames - I just meant fun and games.
By venturing too close to the dragon's flame, you made an ash out of yourself.
The old gnome tells you that he has something that may be very useful to you. Your task is to guess his name in three guesses and his gift will be yours. Good luck! What is your first guess? Sir Graham: Ifnkovhgroghprm Ifnkovhgroghprm: That's right!!! You've guessed it!! Here are some magic beans for your outstanding accomplishment!
The wonder is, not that the field of stars is so vast, but that man has measured it.
The ancient Oracle said that I was the wisest of all the Greeks. It is because I alone, of all the Greeks, know that I know nothing.
Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, the wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door!
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.
+1 Food, +1 Production, for all desert tiles worked by this city (except flood plains).
As it turns out, Mount Kilimanjaro is not wi-fi enabled, so I had to spend two weeks in Tanzania talking to the people on my trip.
Gruntilda: Banjo's game ends in my tower, turn it up I need full power! Klungo: Yesss your Gruntyssship, transssformation sssoon be complete... Tooty: Help me Banjo, I feel all funny... Klungo: Bear and bird finissshed, Grunty winsss! Gruntilda: Look at Grunty she's a beauty, I'm much prettier than Tooty! Klungo: Oh you are missstresss! Mumbo: Grunty nice, come back to Mumbo's skull, yes? Tooty: Banjo! Your sister wants a word with you... Now!
So what? I had my suspicions. I always did. But we're not like other people. We love each other in our own way, and we can have the life together that we want. You won't be the perfect husband? I can promise you I harboured no intention of being the perfect wife. I'll not be fixing your lamb all day, while you come home from the office, will I? I'll work. You'll work. And we'll have each other's company. We'll have each other's minds. Sounds like a better marriage than most. Because I care for you. And you care for me. And we understand one another more than anyone else ever has.
I was selfish to assume you loved me more than you loved yourself even though I've never felt the same.
It's hard to believe when your mind is lost and in need, and all you can picture is a memory inside of someone else's sheets. A prayer that nothing will keep; a hope that light will seek before the dark sinks too deep, or at least the sinking feeling inside of me will decrease when the release of perceived dreams burn in the flame of feeling free.
I feel like a mouth facilitating the language constructed by the mind of depression; a vocal confirmation that I have diluted my ambition to accommodate my aggression.
I hope to someday have the faith to believe in God as much as he believes in me.
Putting more makeup on the masks that we wear. Turning the nightlights on in the daytime to scare.
I know that you wanna but you can't 'cause you gotta stay cool in the corner when the truth is that you wanna move.
Plumbers have everything: greed, sex, spirituality, white-knuckled chases, shameful propositions, a nun, humor, true love, jaded love, taut action, comedy, a bad guy, a good guy, a hero, spine-tingling suspense, a hot babe, a damsel in distress, and a Hollywood ending!
Trust your luck, Taran Wanderer. But don't forget to put out your nets!
If you want truth, you should begin by giving it.
Llonio said life was a net for luck; to Hevydd the Smith life was a forge; and to Dwyvach the Weaver-Woman a loom. They spoke truly, for it is all of these. But you, Taran said, his eyes meeting the potter's, you have shown me life is one thing more. It is clay to be shaped, as raw clay on a potter's wheel.
"I've heard men complain of doing woman's work, and women complain of doing man's work," she added, fastening her bony thumb and forefinger on Gurgi's ear and marching him to a stool beside Taran, "but I've never heard the work complain of who did it, so long as it got done!"
Often the trouble with magical things. They're never quite what you'd expect.
I have long loved you, and loved you even before I knew that I did.
Hissing in rage, jaws gaping and fangs bared, the serpent shot forward, striking at Taran. Eilonwy screamed.
Taran of Caer Dallben, do you have any idea what you're saying? Has the flame of Dyrnwyn scorched your wits?
All the other kids with the pumped up kicks, you'd better run, better run, outrun my gun. All the other kids with the pumped up kicks, you'd better run, better run, faster than my bullet.
That is right, but I held something back. I see some real genius in your flying, Maverick, but I can't say that in there. I was afraid that everyone in the tax trailer would see right through me, and I just don't want anyone to know that I've fallen for you.
When we joined the Covenant, we took an Oath! According to our station! All without exception! On the blood of our fathers... on the blood of our sons, we swore to uphold the Covenant! Even to our dying breath! Those who would break this oath are Heretics... Worthy of neither pity, nor mercy! Even now, they use our Lord's creations to broadcast their lies! We shall grind them into dust! And continue our march to glorious salvation!
Witness my evil dream to rid Mobius of music and fun forever. My latest invention, the mean bean-steaming machine will not only dispose of those fun-loving jolly beans of Beanville but turn them into robot slaves to serve my evil purposes. Robots. Bring me those beans.
I've got more sizzle than a rasher of bacon. I'm hungry and it ain't meals on wheels I'm after - it's you.
Kids, there's nothing more cool than being hugged by someone you like. But if someone tries to touch you in a place or in a way that makes you feel uncomfortable, that's no good! It's your body. No one has the right to touch you if you don't want them to. So what do you do? First, you say 'No!' Then, you get outta there! Most important, you gotta tell someone you trust, like your parents, your teacher, a police officer.
Blue streak, speeds by. Sonic the Hedgehog! Too fast for the naked eye. Sonic the Hedgehog! Sonic! He can really move! Sonic! He's got an attitude! Sonic! He's the fastest thing alive!
Triplets born, the throne awaits, a seer warns of a deadly fate. Give up your children, separate. Bide your time. Lie in wait! Sonic Underground! Sonic Underground! They made a vow their mother will be found. The children grow - learn what's right. Leaders of the freedom fight. They seek their mother. She knows they do. Is it time? If she only knew. Will the prophecy come true? Sonic Underground! Sonic Underground! "I long for my children, but I have to wait. To act too soon could seal their fate." They made a vow their mother will be found. Sonic Underground!
Fly me to the moon and let me play among the stars. Let me see what spring is like on Jupiter and Mars. In other words, hold my hand. In other words, darling kiss me. Fill my heart with song and let me sing forevermore. You are all I long for, all I worship and adore. In other words, please be true. In other words, I love you.
We're all old enough to know better than to toy with the hearts of children.
But... this is what I think. Trying to knock others down a peg just means lowering yourself. Don't go trampling all the hard work and trust you've built up. It insults the effort you put in. The only way that would make you happy is if you were a loser who'd given up on trying. But I don't think that describes you. The Kariu I know hates losing, is curt but kind, and is a hard worker with a strong heart. Because I know how hard you've worked, I'm not really mad. Just very, very sad. Don't act like some filthy adult. You're still young! Don't give up on try-- Kariu: What would you know? What the hell are you lecturing me for? We're the same age!
Is getting rid of all the thorns in someone's path really what's best for them?
If I can't even manage a polite smile, I'll be in trouble in the real world.
I want to defeat the me that's dragging this failure around. I don't want to forget my failure. But if I carry it with me as a bad memory and keep running away, I will never change.
Hishiro: Um! Can I have... your phone? Kaizaki: Huh? Can you have... my phone? I-I'm not sure how to respond to this sudden attempt to mug me. Hishiro: That's not it. Fill in the blanks, please. Kaizaki: Excuse me? Hishiro: Basically, I mean... I want to know your phone number.
You shake my nerves and you rattle my brain; too much love drives a man insane; you broke my will, but what a thrill. Goodness, gracious, great balls of fire, I laughed at love 'cause I thought it was funny; you came along and moved me honey.
Hey look, buddy, I'm an Engineer. That means I solve problems. Not problems like "What is beauty?", because that would fall within the purview of your conundrums of philosophy. I solve practical problems. Fr'instance... How am I going to stop some big mean mother hubbard from tearing me a structurally superfluous new behind? The answer... use a gun. And if that don't work... use more gun. Like this heavy caliber, tripod-mounted, little ol' number designed by me... Built by me... and you'd best hope... not pointed at you.
At night I'm driving in your car, pretending that we'll leave this town. We're watching all the streetlights fade. And now you're just a stranger's dream, I took your picture from my frame. And now you're nothing like you seem, your shadow fell like last night's rain.
Even if you're falling, that's okay. There's a trampoline waiting for you. You just have to believe.
You used to get it in your fishnets, now you only get it in your night dress. Discarded all the naughty nights for niceness. Landed in a very common crisis.
Everybody stutters one way or the other, so check my message to you. As a matter of fact, I'm letting nothing hold you back. If the Scatman can do it, so can you. I'm the Scatman.
Maybe someday we can talk about our past and we can talk about the weather; whenever you leave I don't care what I'm remembered for, I just want to be remembered.
And I taught myself how to forget that sometimes life will try to convince you there's such a thing as regret. But I found it to be a lie, the same lie I found when I looked in your eyes after it was said and done.
Here we go, off the rails, don't you know it's time to raise our sails. It's freedom like you never knew. Don't need bags, or a pass. Say the word I'll be there in a flash. You could say my hat is off to you.
Oh we can zoom all the way to the moon from this great wide wacky world. Jump with me, grab coins with me. Oh yeah! It's time to jump up in the air (Jump up in the air). Jump up, don't be scared (Jump up, don't be scared). Jump up and your cares will soar away. And if the dark clouds start to swirl (Dark clouds start to swirl). Don't fear, don't shed a tear, 'cause I'll be your 1UP girl! So let's all jump up super high (Jump up super high). High up in the sky (High up in the sky). There's no power-up like dancing. You know that you're my superstar (You're my superstar). No one else can take me this far. I'm flipping the switch, get ready for this. Oh, let's do the odyssey.
Men, in as much as I am the reigning officer in charge here, I feel it would not be wrong to start you on a program of rehabilitation. What do I mean by rehabilitation? I mean any constructive activity which would bring out the talents you may have.
Now who knows, that had your twigs been bent in another direction, you Ike, may have been a great violinist. You Billy, a great architect. Sherman a dentist, Junior a dancer. Well it's never too late. Now I have here, a woodcarving set, a leather craft set, a metal craft set, and a Mr. Potato set.
I feel the Aryan in my blood, it's scarier than a Blood. Been looking for holy water, now I'm praying for a flood. It feel like time passing me by slower than a slug, while this feeling inside of my body seep in like a drug. Will you hug me, rub me on the back like a child?
Now, in a perfect world, I probably won't be insensitive. Cold as December, but never remember what Winter did. I wouldn't blame you for mistakes I made or the bed I laid. Seems like I point the finger just to make a point nowadays.
Now, in a perfect world, I probably won't be insensitive. Cold as December, but never remember what Winter did. I wouldn't blame you for mistakes I made or the bed I laid. Seems like I point the finger just to make a point nowadays.
See, in the perfect world, I would be perfect, world. I don't trust people enough beyond the surface world. I don't love people enough to put my faith in men, I put my faith in these lyrics, hoping I make amend.
How does it feel? Aw, how does it feel? To be on your own. With no direction home. Like a complete unknown. Like a rolling stone?
Kepler's laws, although not rigidly true, are sufficiently near to the truth to have led to the discovery of the law of attraction of the bodies of the solar system. The deviation from complete accuracy is due to the facts, that the planets are not of inappreciable mass, that, in consequence, they disturb each other's orbits about the Sun, and, by their action on the Sun itself, cause the periodic time of each to be shorter than if the Sun were a fixed body, in the subduplicate ratio of the mass of the Sun to the sum of the masses of the Sun and Planet; these errors are appreciable although very small, since the mass of the largest of the planets, Jupiter, is less than 1/1000th of the Sun's mass.
Resistance is usually ascribed to bodies at rest, and impulse to those in motion; but motion and rest, as commonly conceived, are only relatively distinguished; nor are those bodies always truly at rest, which commonly are taken to be so.
A straight line is said to have been cut in extreme and mean ratio when, as the whole line is to the greater segment, so is the greater to the lesser.
I know that I am mortal by nature and ephemeral, but when I trace at my pleasure the windings to and fro of the heavenly bodies, I no longer touch earth with my feet. I stand in the presence of Zeus himself and take my fill of ambrosia.
I can always tell when you're lying. I also know that you cannot tell me why you do so. So there is no need to convince me, or wrap everything in lies, or try to take the blame on yourself like that. Because I have complete faith in you, Subaru-kun.
Everyone's counting on me to cheer them up and give them lots of energy. I hope that I can help them study for their test. I'll work hard to support them and always try my best.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
If you think that you are going to love something, give it a try.
And can you feel the love tonight, it is where we are. It's enough for this wide-eyed wanderer that we got this far.
Mail's here. Here's the mail, it never fails, it makes me wanna wag my tail. When it comes it makes me want to yell MAIL!!!
Did you see that? Know what that cost? $58,000. I mean, what a waste. It wasn't even that funny. That's $58,000 that could have gone to curing leukemia. Or muscular dystrophy. Or... what does Michael J. Fox have? That. Alright, let's watch some cartoons.
Did you see that? Know what that cost? $58,000. I mean, what a waste. It wasn't even that funny. That's $58,000 that could have gone to curing leukemia. Or muscular dystrophy. Or... what does Michael J. Fox have? That. Alright, let's watch some cartoons.
Now I smuggled some smokes and folks from Mexico. Baked by the sun, every time I go to Mexico, and I'm still. And I been from Tucson to Tucumcari. Tehachapi to Tonapah. Driven every kind of rig that's ever been made. Driven the back roads so I wouldn't get weighed. And if you give me, weed, whites, and wine. And you show me a sign I'll be willin', to be movin.
I must confess, I've made a mess of what should be a small success. But I digress, at least I've tried my very best, I guess.
The history of all hitherto existing society is the history of class struggles. Freeman and slave, patrician and plebeian, lord and serf, guildmaster and journeyman, in a word, oppressor and oppressed, stood in constant opposition to one another, carried on an uninterrupted, now hidden, now open fight, that each time ended, either in the revolutionary reconstitution of society at large, or in the common ruin of the contending classes.
You are the breath of your Creator, and as he breathes in and out, you live. Remember that, for that sums up everything that you need to know about your God. There is first an exhalation from God, on the part of all creation; and then, at a certain point, it starts its journey back, its inhalation. This cycle never ceases. You leave me; you are away from me; you start back; you rejoin me. You and everything else. It is a process, an event. It is an activity - my activity. It is the rhythm of my own being, and it sustains you all.
"I will always speak the truth to you, Herb Asher," the boy continued. "There is no deceit in God. I want you to live. I made you live once before, when you lay in psychological death. God does not desire any living thing's death; God takes no delight in nonexistence. Do you know what God is, Herb Asher? God is He Who causes to be. Put another way, if you seek the basis of being that underlies everything you will surely find God."
You can work back to God from the phenomenal universe, or you can move from the Creator to the phenomenal universe. Each implies the other. The Creator would not be the Creator if there were no universe, and the universe would cease to be if the Creator did not sustain it. The Creator does not exist prior to the universe in time; he does not exist in time at all. God creates the universe constantly; he is with it, not above or behind it. This is impossible to understand for you because you are a created thing and exist in time. But eventually you will return to your Creator and then you will again no longer exist in time.
Come, you spirits that tend on mortal thoughts, unsex me here and fill me from the crown to the toe top-full of direst cruelty. Make thick my blood.
Show me a man or a woman alone and I'll show you a saint. Give me two and they'll fall in love. Give me three and they'll invent the charming thing we call 'society'. Give me four and they'll build a pyramid. Give me five and they'll make one an outcast. Give me six and they'll reinvent prejudice. Give me seven and in seven years they'll reinvent warfare. Man may have been made in the image of God, but human society was made in the image of His opposite number, and is always trying to get back home.
The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want for nothing. He makes me lie down in the green pastures. He greases up my head with oil. He gives me kung-fu in the face of my enemies. Amen.
There are all sorts of dream interpretations, Freud's being the most notorious, but I have always believed they served a simple eliminatory function, and not much more - that dreams are the psyche's way of taking a good dump every now and then.
Who gets to be best-liked in any community? Who is the most trusted? Why, the man who does the dirty job, of course, and does it with a smile. The man who does the job you couldn't bring yourself to do.
A squid eating dough in a polyethylene bag is fast and bulbous. Got me?
It wasn't something that I thought about, but I knew that you were absolute in doubt. I just really wanna talk to you again, that's how I know that I'ma haunt you in the end. It wasn't something 'til you brought it up, I knew that you were tryna make it out. Without a single scar, clawing at my arm, I saw you in his car, swear I knew it from the start.
Uh, sama lamaa duma lamaa you assuming I'm a human What I gotta do to get it through to you I'm superhuman, innovative and I'm made of rubber, so that anything you saying ricocheting off of me and it'll glue to you, I'm never stating, more than never demonstrating, how to give a audience a feeling like it's levitating, never fading, and I know that the haters are forever waiting,, for the day that they can say I fell off, they'd be celebrating, cause I know the way to get 'em motivated I make elevating music, you make elevator music.
I want you to know that the day you saw something in me, my whole life changed.
An investment operation is one, which upon thorough analysis, promises safety of principal and a satisfactory return. Operations not meeting these requirements are speculative.
Happiness is never given, no, happiness is a decision. So I've been learning how to live it, slow, take it in with every minute, go. Nowadays everybody want it right now, that's a dream, that's money, that's our culture right now. That's a Netflix binge, that's a quick text back. Anxiety built when it ain't like that. That's a lot of life lost living life too fast. Lot of views unseen, lot of love gets lost.
Skimming through our lives so we staying on the surface. Run on water cause we feel the depths uncertain. Swear life's better when you just dive in. Fakes don't float where the real one's swim. Depths get deep where the real takes leaps. And the sharks gon' eat what the real deem weak. So much underneath if you just take time, to explore your world both in and outside. No one's life like yours, no one's life like mine. I just hope you see the beauty before it pass you by.
My baby's fit like a daydream, walking with his hair down, I'm the one he's walking to. So call it what you want, yeah, call it what you want to. My baby's fly like a jet stream, high above the whole scene, loves me like I'm brand new. So call it what you want, yeah, call it what you want to.
I could tell you I was fragile. I could tell you I was weak. I could write you out a letter. Tell you anything you need. I've seen minutes turn to hours. Hours turn to years. And I've seen truth turn to power. If you could see me the way I see you. If you could feel me the way I feel you. You'd be a believer. You'd be a believer. Minutes turn to hours. Hours turn to years. And I've seen truth turn to power.
Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. We fought for these ideals; we shouldn't settle for less. These are wise words, enterprising men quote 'em. Don't act surprised, you guys, cuz I wrote 'em. But Hamilton forgets. His plan would have the government assume state's debts. Now, place your bets as to who that benefits: the very seat of government where Hamilton sits...
Ooh, if the shoe fits, wear it. If New York's in debt, why should Virginia bear it? Uh! Our debts are paid, I'm afraid. Don't tax the South 'cause we got it made in the shade. In Virginia, we plant seeds in the ground. We create. You just wanna move our money around. This financial plan is an outrageous demand.
Lancer, do you know... dragsters, can't turn. Lancer died! You aren't humans.
Lancer: My Gae-BolCar is awesome. The speed is just incredible! Rin: Hey Archer, do you know. Dragsters... can't turn. Archer: Lancer died!
Have you ever heard the tragedy of Darth Plagueis the Wise? I thought not. It's not a story the Jedi would tell you. It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis the Wise was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life. He had such a knowledge of the Dark Side, he could even stop the ones he cared about from dying. The Dark Side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, and his apprentice killed him in his sleep. Plagueis never saw it coming. It's ironic he could save others from dying, but not himself.
Has this ever happened to you? From today dialing 999 won't get you the emergency services. And that's not the only thing that's changing, nicer ambulances, faster response times, and better looking drivers; meaning they're not the new emergency services, they're your emergency services. So remember the new number. 0118-999-88199-9119725...3 That's 0118-999-88199-9119725...3 Hello, I've had a bit of a tumble. Well that's easy to remember! 0118-999-88199-9119725...3
I'm the tallest of mountains. I am the roughest of waves. I'm the toughest of terrors. I am the darkest of days. I'm the last one that's standing, don't try to stand in my way, 'cause I've been up against better, just take a look at my face.
Control over consciousness cannot be institutionalized. As soon as it becomes part of a set of social rules and norms, it ceases to be effective in the way it was originally intended to be. Routinization, unfortunately, tends to take place very rapidly. Freud was still alive when his quest for liberating the ego from its oppressors was turned into a staid ideology and a rigidly regulated profession. Marx was even less fortunate: his attempts to free consciousness from the tyranny of economic exploitation were soon turned into a system of repression that would have boggled the poor founder's mind. And as Dostoevsky among many others have observed, if Christ had returned to preach his message of liberation in the Middle Ages, he would have been crucified again and again by the leaders of that very church whose worldly power was built on his name.
Applause! Applause! No, wait, wait. Dear studio audience, I've an announcement to make. It seems the artists these days are not who you think, so we'll pick back up on that on another page.
I started the day with some nothin' tea. Nothin' tea is easy to make. First, get some hot water, then add nothin'. I experimented with potato skin tea a few weeks ago. The less said about that the better.
Whether cruisin' in a Six cab or Montero Jeep, I can't call it; the beats making me fallin' asleep. I keep fallin', but never fallin' six feet deep, I'm out for presidents to represent me (Say what?). I'm out for presidents to represent me (Say what?).
Do I love you? Do I lust for you? Am I sinner because I do the two?
Don't underestimate me! I don't quit and I don't run! You can act tough all you want! You're not gonna scare me off! No way! I don't care if I DO get stuck as a Genin for the rest of my life! I'll still be Hokage someday!
God, what a smile. What a body. What a kiss! She's a fifteen. No a twenty! She's a damn thousand! And I got her number -- I can't believe it! Well, I didn't exactly get it. She gave it to me. How could she give me her number? She doesn't even know me. I could be an axe murderer. Wait a minute. Something's wrong. The area code! Which area code? What the frig area code is it? LA has got at least a dozen. I know. Simple - I'll just make a dozen calls... 'You jerk'. She gave you a phony number. That's why she was so easy. Too easy! God I love it. She's much worse than I thought. Damn I should have gone after her. What if I never see her again? I know I'll put a note with my number on her windshield. Naw... she won't buy it. A beauty like that gets hit on all the time. Damn if she doesn't call.... I-I'll die!
Jane: Are you my love? The one I've waited all my life for? John: Yes, yes my darlin'. Hey! Don't touch my hair! Jane: I don't give a damn about your hair, lover boy. You don't know how long I've waited for someone like you. I have to know everything about you. John: Well I graduated summa cum laude from USC in Business. I work for Schliemann-Schliemann's abroker. I drive a black Beamer, own a condo in NCO, and make over $200,000 dollars a year. Hey I got a quarter-million dollars in the bank. I just got a hair implant, you like it? I vacation in con every summer. You think I need a nose job? I date at least one new woman a month. Guess what? You are miss July. Jane: Oh god I thought you were different because you rode a motorcycle. John: It's not mine, I was just sitting on it. Jane: You can take your damn nose job and shove it. John: UAGGHH!!!
He felt that he could not divert people's hatred from himself, because the reason for that hatred was not that he was bad (then he could have tried to be better), but that he was shamefully and repulsively unhappy. For that, for the very fact that his heart was wounded, they would be merciless towards him, as dogs kill a wounded dog howling with pain.
They're black, they're brown, they're up, they're down. They're in, they're out, they're all about. They're far, they're near, they're gone, they're here. They're quick and slick and insincere. Beware. Beware. Be a very wary bear.
The majority of persons with schizophrenia have residual disabilities, such as thinking disorders and auditory hallucinations, that are sufficiently severe that full-time employment is impossible. Many can do part-time jobs, however.
They like, "Savage, why you got a 12 car garage and you only got 6 cars?" I ain't with the cakin', how you kiss that? Your wifey say I'm lookin' like a whole snack. Green hundreds in my safe, I got old racks.
The Aurora Borealis? At this time of year? At this time of day? In this part of the country? Localized entirely within your kitchen?
The idea of having nations and governments is as foolish as keeping the human and spirit realms separate. You've had to deal with a moronic president and a tyrannical queen. Don't you think the world would be better off if leaders like them were eliminated?
Then, waiting, I heard the silence pouring from them. The audience held themselves quiet, tense and tight, as if the song had burned them worse than flame. Each person held their wounded selves closely, clutching their pain as if it were a precious thing. Then there was a murmur of sobs released and sobs escaping. A sigh of tears. A whisper of bodies slowly becoming no longer still. Then the applause. A roar like leaping flame, like thunder after lightning.
It's up to me and you. To show them what we can do. You gotta hold your head up high. We can't give up before we try. And now the game begins, begins. So always tell yourself, never say never. We gotta give our best to make it. Super, power. You gotta reach up high and take it. We never give in... It's time to make our move. Ready to get into the groove. And everything is up to you. You have to show what you can do. And now the game begins, begins.
Maybe there aren't any such things as good friends or bad friends - maybe there are just friends, people who stand by you when you're hurt and who help you feel not so lonely. Maybe they're always worth being scared for, and hoping for, and living for. Maybe worth dying for too, if that's what has to be. No good friends. No bad friends. Only people you want, need to be with; people who build their houses in your heart.
But here we will not try to pass judgment on the objective value of actions; we will be concerned instead with the more modest task of describing the subjective order that a unified purpose brings to individual consciousness. In this sense the answer to the old riddle "What is the meaning of life?" turns out to be astonishingly simple. The meaning of life is meaning: whatever it is, wherever it comes from, a unified purpose is what gives meaning to life.
The answer was a perfectly indescribable hiss, and Mowgli kicked up his feet behind, clapped his hands together to applaud himself, and jumped on Bagheera's back, where he sat sideways, drumming with his heels on the glossy skin and making the worst faces that he could think of at Baloo.
A dream is a gift from God. When you have a great yearning for something, your mind joins your heart and pushes for its fulfillment. Connecting mind to heart is essential for the creative force to be released. Reflect on those things in your life that bring you satisfaction.
Meanwhile he himself, the Prince, had risen to his feet; the sudden movement of his huge frame made the floor tremble, and a glint of pride flashed in his light blue eyes at this fleeting confirmation of his lordship over both human beings and their works.
I could tell from the set of his lips, he would say no more on this subject. I suppressed my curiosity, though it was far from idle. There were many things I needed to think through on this particular issue, things that were only beginning to occur to me. No doubt his quick mind had already comprehended every aspect that eluded me.
I know more about the private lives of celebrities than I do about any governmental policy that will actually affect me. I'm interested in things that are none of my business, and I'm bored by things that are important to know.
Stupendous Man's stupendous knowledge lets him complete the test with stupendous speed! 1492! The battle of Lexington! Trotsky! The Cotton Gin!
There was a high piercing shriek. Tim looked back to see the baby in the jaws of the adult. A second velociraptor came forward and tore at the limbs of the infant, trying to pull it from the mouth of the first. The two raptors fought over the baby as it squealed. Blood splattered in large drops onto the floor.
This morning one woke me by crawling over my face & attempting to feed from my nostril. Truly, it was six inches long! I was possessed of a violent urge to kill the giant bug, but in my cramped, gloomy cabin it had the advantage. I complained to Finbar, who urged me to pay a dollar for a specially trained "roach rat." Later, doubtless, he will want to sell me a "rat cat" to subdue the roach fat, then I will need a cat hound & who knows where it will end?
I'll live on and carry your name, and be what you always thought I could be. I hope we meet at the end. But I'll never forgive the world for taking my best friend.
Learn to see me as a brother instead of two distant strangers and that's how it's supposed to be. How can the Devil take a brother if he's close to me? I'd love to go back to when we played as kids. But things change... that's the way it is.
You are beautiful on the inside; you are innocence personified, and I will drag you down and sell you out. Run away!
Never trust anyone too much, remember the devil was once an angel.
I can lead with pride, I can make us strong. I'll be satisfied if I play along, but the voice inside sings a different song. What is wrong with me? See the light as it shines on the sea, it's blinding. But no one knows how deep it goes. And it seems like it's calling out to me, so come find me, and let me know what's beyond that line. When will I cross that line? The line where the sky meets the sea, it calls me. And no one knows how far it goes. If the wind in my sail on the sea stays behind me, one day I'll know how far I'll go.
What do I do? System Architecture. Networking and Security. No one in this house can touch me on that. But does anyone appreciate that? While you were busy minoring in gender studies and singing a cappella at Sarah Lawrence, I was getting root access to NSA servers. I was a click away from starting a second Iranian revolution. I prevent cross site scripting, I monitor for DDoS attacks, emergency database rollbacks, and faulty transaction handlings. The internet, heard of it? Transfers half a petabyte of data a minute, do you have any idea how that happens?
I know Gilfoyle probably came in here and puked out a bunch of tech specs, three-fourths of which are total horse crap. Did he bring up the Iranian revolution thing? Yeah, those words mean nothing. But there's a fact, I'm the only one of these clowns that can code in Java and I write sleek performance low-overhead Scala code with higher order functions that will run on anything. Period. End of sentence.
Tough and tuff are two different words. Tough is the same as rough; tuff means cool, sharp - like a tuff Mustang or a tuff record.
We're living on borrowed time here. Every minute of our life is a minute we steal from them! You see them out there. You know that when we die, we become them. You think we hide behind walls to protect us from the walking dead. Don't you get it? We are the walking dead.
Is anyone there? Who survived? Somebody new? Anyone else, but you? On a lonely night, was a burning light. A hundred years and we'll be born again.
Is anyone there? Who survived? Somebody new? Anyone else, but you? On a lonely night, was a burning light. A hundred years and we'll be born again.
Everything that lives is designed to end. We are perpetually trapped in a never ending spiral of life and death. Is this a curse? Or some kind of punishment?
I never had a brain until Freak came along and let me borrow his for a while, arid that's the truth, the whole truth. The unvanquished truth, is how Freak would say it, and for a long time it was him who did the talking. Except I had a way of saying things with my fists and my feet even before we became Freak the Mighty, slaying dragons and fools and walking high above the world.
I'm waking up to ash and dust, I wipe my brow and I sweat my rust. I'm breathing in the chemicals.
If cows and horses or lions had hands, or could draw with their hands and make things as men can, horses would have drawn horse-like gods, cows cow-like gods, and each species would have made the gods' bodies just like their own.
It is now time to make it unclear. To write off lines that don't make sense. I love myself better than you. I know it's wrong so what should I do? And one more special message to go, and then I'm done, and I can go home. I love myself better than you. I know it's wrong so what should I do?
Are you sure you want to hear this? Morpheus believes in you, Neo. And no one, not you, not even me can convince him otherwise. He believes it so blindly that he's going to sacrifice his life to save yours.
I stopped in the middle of that building and I saw - the sky. I saw the things that I love in this world. The work and the food and the time to sit and smoke. And I looked at the pen and I thought to myself, what the hell am I grabbing this for? Why am I trying to become what I don't want to be? What am I doing in an office, making a contemptuous, begging fool of myself, when all I want is out there, waiting for me the minute I say I know who I am!
Heraclitus: "They vainly purify themselves with blood when they are defiled with it, which is like someone who has stepped into mud using mud to wash himself. Anyone who observed a person doing this would think him mad. And in their ignorance of the true nature of gods and heroes they pray to these statues, which is like someone chatting to a house."
I had a dream, we were sipping whiskey neat. Highest floor, The Bowery, nowhere's high enough. Somewhere along the lines we stopped seeing eye to eye, you were staying out all night and I had enough.
In the early days of America, when men wore ruffles on their shirts and buckles on their shoes, when they rode horseback and swore allegiance to the king of England, there lived in Boston a man who cared for none of these things. His name was Samuel Adams. His clothes were shabby and plain, he refused to get on a horse and he hated the king of England.
Man can never be hot (never hot), perspiration ting (spray dat). Lynx Effect (come on), you didn't hear me, did you? (nah). Use roll-on (use that), or spray. But either way, A-B-C-D (alphabet ting). The ting goes skrrrahh, pap, pap, ka-ka-ka. Skidiki-pap-pap, and a pu-pu-pudrrrr-boom. Skya, du-du-ku-ku-dun-dun. Poom, poom, you don' know.  Big Shaq, man's not hot. I tell her man's not hot (never hot) 40 degrees and man's not hot (come on). Yo, in the sauna, man's not hot (never hot). Yeah, skidika-pap-pap.
Now this is a story all about how my life got flipped - turned upside down. And I'd like to take a minute, just sit right there; I'll tell you how I became the prince of a town called Bel-Air. In West Philadelphia, born and raised on the playground is where I spent most of my days. Chillin' out, maxin', relaxin' all cool and all shootin' some b-ball outside of the school when a couple of guys who were up to no good started makin' trouble in my neighborhood. I got in one little fight and my mom got scared and said "You're movin' with your auntie and uncle in Bel-Air."
In the beginning there was Jack. And Jack had a groove. And from this groove came the grooves of all grooves. And while one day viciously throwing down on his box, Jack boldly declared "Let There Be House" and House music was born. "I am you see, I am the creator and this is my house. And in my house there is only House Music. But I am not so selfish because once you enter my house it then becomes our house and our House Music. And, you see, no one man owns house because House Music is a universal language spoken and understood by all. You see, House is a feeling that no one can understand really unless you're deep into the vibe of House."
Schneizel has surrendered to me. As a result of this, I am in control of both the Damocles and the FLEIJA weapons. And not even the Black Knights have the strength to oppose me now. If anyone dares to resist my supreme authority, they shall know the devastating powers of the FLEIJAs! Those who could challenge my military rule no longer exist. Yes, from this day, from this moment forward, the world belongs to me!
Cherry no longer looked sick, only sad. "I'll bet you think the Socs have it made. The rich kids, the West-side Socs. I'll tell you something, Ponyboy, and it may come as a surprise. We have troubles you've never even heard of. You want to know something?" She looked me straight in the eye. "Things are rough all over."
I suggest you change your diet. It could lead to high blood pressure if you fry it. Or even a stroke, heart attack, heart disease.
I strive to be humble, lest I stumble. Never sold a jumbo or copped chicken with it's mumbo sauce.
How DOOM hold heat then preach non-violence? Shh, he about to start the speech, c'mon, silence.
Yeah, over here. It's only been a year. I was dirt broke, now I'm balling like a sphere.
As you can see, she hasn't met him yet. She already fell in love I bet. Her keyboard gets slammed by her fingers, but he replies with "ok" every time, every time.
Own his own throne, the boss like King Koopa. On the microphone, he flossed the ring, super. Average emcees is like a TV blooper. MF DOOM, he's like D.B. Cooper.
"No one ever arrives home," she says amiably. "But when the paths of friends meet, the whole world looks like home for a while."
As, before putting up a large building, the architect surveys and sounds the site to see if it will bear the weight, the wise legislator does not begin by laying down laws good in themselves, but by investigating the fitness of the people, for which they are destined, to receive them. Plato refused to legislate for the Arcadians and the Cyrenaeans, because he knew that both peoples were rich and could not put up with equality; and good laws and bad men were found together in Crete, because Minos had inflicted discipline on a people already burdened with vice.
Well I watch you tangle every weekend. It might start different but it ends up the same. One minute you're casually speaking. The next it all goes up and you pour fuel on the flame with your jerry can of words and tones.
The smiles as she walked in the room, have all turned into frowns. Am I too quick to assume that the love is no longer in bloom? The tantrums and the tears play a very different tune to what they did before. Her heads red raw and the ending doesn't sound like the happiest around. When you sobbed before, it felt much more like the product of a squabble, now there's reason for it to be something more.
This is where it all began, gentlemen. The birthplace of Hooli. Peter Gregory's mother's garage. That was Peter's workstation. This was mine. Things sure have changed. But in a way, they've stayed exactly the same. As we forge our new path together, we must remain focused on what's really important... not material success or wealth, but this, the spirit of innovation... a few coders, some ramen, and a dream. And that is why I brought you here. All right. Let me show you the rest of the place.
Data creation is exploding. With all the selfies and useless files people refuse to delete on the cloud. 92% of the world's data was created in the last two years, alone. At the current rate, the world's data storage capacity will be overtaken by next spring. It will be nothing short of a catastrophe. Data shortages, data rationing, data black markets. Someone's compression will save the world from data-geddon, and it sure as hell better be Nucleus and not goddamn Pied Piper! I don't know about you people, but I don't wanna live in a world where someone else makes the world a better place better than we do.
D'Artagnan stepped forward. 'Before God and men,' he said, 'I charge this woman with having poisoned Constance Bonacieux, who died last night.' He turned to Porthos and Aramis, who said in one voice: 'We bear witness to that.'
I get up when I want, except on Wednesdays when I get rudely awakened by the dustmen. I put my trousers on, have a cup of tea, and I think about leaving me house. I feed the pigeons, I sometimes feed the sparrows, too. It gives me a sense of enormous well-being. And then I'm happy for the rest of the day, safe in the knowledge there will always be a bit of my heart devoted to it.
Love in the nineties is paranoid. On sunny beaches, take your chances looking for girls who are boys who like boys to be girls who do boys like they're girls who do girls like they're boys. Always should be someone you really love.
This is the first day of my life. I swear I was born right in the doorway. I went out in the rain, suddenly everything changed; they're spreading blankets on the beach. Yours is the first face that I saw. I think I was blind before I met you. Now I don't know where I am, I don't know where I've been, but I know where I want to go.
The letter she left was one line long. "Goodbye forever I'm gone". It was sitting on a table in a room in a red brick box that we used to call our home.
When night falls, she cloaks the world. An impenetrable darkness... A chill rises from the soil, and contaminates the air. Suddenly, life has new meaning...
I'm far from home, no place to go, but I don't feel cold. I've been so blind, just lost my mind, but all I have lost I find. Your face reminds me of these games, the memories don't erase. I'll never be the same anymore, I'm on the highest stop with no control...
Mal: But it ain't all buttons and charts, little albatross. You know what the first rule of flying is? Well, I suppose you do, since you already know what I'm about to say. River: I do. But I like to hear you say it. Mal: Love. You can learn all the math in the 'Verse, but you take a boat in the air that you don't love, she'll shake you off just as sure as the turning of the worlds. Love keeps her in the air when she oughta fall down, tells you she's hurtin' 'fore she keens. Makes her a home.
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better... It's not.
I thought that I was dreaming when you said you loved me.
Like, who really run this? Like who really run that man that say he run this? Who who really run that man that say he run this run run run run this?
You're still clinging to that? Marshall, it doesn't matter. 'Cause you'd lose anyway. And you know why? 'Cause I'm Sparkles.
Have you ever had a dream that that you um you had you you could you do you wi you wants you you do so you you do you could you you want you want tim to do you much you could do anything?
Have you ever stopped to watch a bluebird drop from a tree, and take to the air? Me neither. Have you ever took time out to finish a rhyme but the right words just weren't there? Meat cleaver.
Now the Force is what gives a Jedi his power. It's an energy field, created by all living things. It surrounds us, it penetrates us, it binds the galaxy together.
Body like a back road, drivin' with my eyes closed. I know every curve like the back of my hand. Doin' 15 in a 30, I ain't in no hurry. I'mma take it slow just as fast as I can. We're out here in the boondocks. With the breeze and the birds. Tangled up in the tall grass. With my lips on hers. On the highway to heaven. Headed south of her smile. Get there when we get there. Every inch is a mile.
I refuse to give up! I refuse to get bored! I refuse to throw it all away! I refuse to despair! Because all I have going for me is the desire to keep moving forward!
A detective doesn't have supernatural powers. There's no way to predict the answer from the beginning. Instead, the ideal detective begins by imagining as many possible scenarios as they can. They envision these possibilities without prejudice, without bias, using only their logic and common sense. Then, as they investigate, they test what they find against each of these possibilities. Of course, me telling you this doesn't mean you'll be any good at detective work. But beyond using that to solve this particular mystery, you should keep it in mind for the future.
You claim there's no hope left in the world. But if despair is contagious like you say... then so is hope! I'll use my own hope to plant seeds of hope inside everyone else!
Clinging to a shaky line, insecure about what I will see. Mounting the unstable peak, it's overwhelming me. I am stuck on mountains - mountains of doubt. I am stuck on mountains - mountains of apathy.
Join in with me, with me. We'll fly on someone else's wings, to where everybody is one. Above the sky we read, it's written black on white - the truth, follow the lead. Echoes of the same old psalm. Sing with me, with me, in unity. Join in with me. I have been trying to break out for too long from the cage. I found my path when I thought that I was wrong. Stay close to me, to me. I'll show you what you need to see, to see.
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.
We don't believe what's on TV. Because it's what we want to see. And what we want we know we can't believe. We have all learned to kill our dreams. I need to know. That when I fail you'll still be here. 'Cause if you stick around, I'll sing you pretty sounds and we'll make money selling your hair.
It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen. Winston Smith, his chin nuzzled into his breast in an effort to escape the vile wind, slipped quickly through the glass doors of Victory Mansions, though not quickly enough to prevent a swirl of gritty dust from entering along with him.
Finally, from so little sleeping and so much reading, his brain dried up and he went completely out of his mind.
We mortals, men and women, devour many a disappointment between breakfast and dinner-time; keep back the tears and look a little pale about the lips, and in answer to inquiries say, "Oh, nothing!" Pride helps; and pride is not a bad thing when it only urges us to hide our hurts - not to hurt others.
I was stricken with vampirism over 300 years ago, while on an expedition deep into the ashlands of Vvardenfell. For nearly 100 years I hunted in secret, until the Dark Brotherhood found me.
So glad of this as they I cannot be, who are surprised withal.
Wardine say her momma aint treat her right. Reginald he come round to my blacktop at my building where me and Delores Epp jump double dutch and he say, Clenette, Wardine be down at my crib cry say her momma aint treat her night, and I go on with Reginald to his building where he live at, and Wardine be sit dep far back in a closet in Reginald crib, and she be cry.
Hey, it's Hannah, Hannah Baker. Don't adjust your whatever device you're hearing this on. It's me, live and in stereo.
I remember it Ed, that story you told me, came clear back tonight here while writing. And you should know the feeling never left me, the weight of my heart, when you showed me the scars on your arms. When I looked in your eyes and I heard what you said. How you probably would've died were it not for to care for your daughter and wife. How he drove in the knife, still your son.
Goodness, present and hallowed, is thanking walls of the shallow embankments for flowing in over the soldiering masses of dayglow blades scorched by hovering halos. Washing away until I don't even cringe at the thought of you.
On Hard your towers cost more than normal, the Bloons move faster and you have 100 lives only. Beating round 85 in hard difficulty awards you a gold medal for that track.
The killer awoke before dawn. He put his boots on. He took a face from the ancient gallery and he walked on down the hall. He went into the room where his sister lived and... then he... Paid a visit to his brother and then he... He walked on down the hall and... And he came to a door. And he looked inside. "Father?" "Yes, son?" "I want to kill you." "Mother? I want to..."
Big wheels keep on turning. Carry me home to see my kin. Singing songs about the Southland. I miss Alabamy once again and I think it's a sin, yes.
I'm not that nice. I'm mean and I'm evil. Don't call me nice. I'm gonna eat your heart out. I've got some work to do. Baby, I'm ready, I'm ready, ready, ready to blow my lid off.
Roll the window down this cool night air is curious.
You move like I want to. To see like your eyes do.
And brace for the glory as you stare into the sky.
All five horizons revolved around her soul as the earth to the sun.
And now my bitter hands cradle broken glass of what was everything.
All the love gone bad turned my world to black.
I know someday you'll have a beautiful life, I know you'll be a star.
I'm going to take my time. I have all the time in the world.
Don't say you're happy out there without me. I know you can't be, 'cause it's no good.
I'll be fine. I'll be waiting patiently till you see the signs and come running to my open arms.
I'll be fine. I'll be waiting patiently till you see the signs and come running to my open arms.
I must have done something right, to deserve you in my life... I must have done something right along the way.
So please don't forget to call me just to let me know you're doing okay, miles away from me.
Take me away, to January. I'm done with this year... I'm tired of everyone here. I just need some time alone... Before I'm ready to come back home...
You can rest easy, tonight... Everything is gonna be alright, I promise... Go to sleep and dream of me tonight... Everything may not be perfect, but at least we try...
So tonight, sweet dreams, and sleep tight. I've been trying so hard, can't get you out of my mind and if this is how it has to be, just promise me you won't forget me, and I'll leave you with this lullaby, tonight...
She said let's change our luck, this night is all we've got. Drive fast until we crash... This dead-end life... Sweet dreams that won't come true, I'd leave it all for you. Brick walls are closing in, let's make... A run tonight.
Look! If you had one shot, or one opportunity, to seize everything you ever wanted, in one moment, would you capture it? Or just let it slip?
Adios rock band that we loved the most, this is a toast to what you did, and all that you were fighting for. Who could do more, when time marches on? Words come and go, we will sing the melodies that you did long ago.
My father died on this floor. Right there. Stabbed 27 times, butchered by men he called his friends. Who will tell me that is not murder? Who will tell my legions, who love Caesar as I do, that that is not murder? Who will speak against the motion?
The story of his career shows that Augustus was indeed ruthless, cruel, and ambitious for himself. This was only in part a personal trait, for upper-class Romans were educated to compete with one another and to excel. However, he combined an overriding concern for his personal interests with a deep-seated patriotism, based on a nostalgia of Rome's antique virtues.
It may seem probable, the vices and follies of Elagabalus have been adorned by fancy, and blackened by prejudice. Yet, confining ourselves to the public scenes displayed before the Roman people, and attested by grave and contemporary historians, their inexpressible infamy surpasses that of any other age or country.
No matter how many men you kill, you can't kill your successor.
The oracles of God foretold the rising of an Antichrist in the Christian Church: and in the Pope of Rome, all the characteristics of that Antichrist are so marvelously answered that if any who read the Scriptures do not see it, there is a marvelous blindness upon them.
No, Faustus, curse thyself, curse Lucifer That hath deprived thee of the joys of Heaven. Oh, it strikes, it strikes! Now, body, turn to air, Or Lucifer will bear thee quick to hell! O soul, be chang'd into little water-drops And fall into the ocean, ne'er be found. My God, my God, look not so fierce on me. Adders and serpents, let me breathe awhile. Ugly hell, gape not, come not, Lucifer! I'll burn my books!--ah, Mephistopheles!
A mind not to be changed by place or time. The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heav'n of hell, a hell of heav'n.
Knowledge forbidd'n? Suspicious, reasonless. Why should thir Lord Envie them that? Can it be sin to know, can it be death? And do they onely stand by ignorance, is that thir happie state, the proof of thir obedience and thir faith? O fair foundation laid whereon to build thir ruine! Hence I will excite thir minds with more desire to know, and to reject envious commands, invented with designe to keep them low whom knowledge might exalt equal with gods; aspiring to be such, they taste and die: what likelier can ensue?
Yet Phoenicia and Palestine will forever live in the memory of mankind; since America, as well as Europe, has received letters from the one, and religion from the other.
In the profession of Christianity, the variety of national characters may be clearly distinguished. The natives of Syria and Egypt abandoned their lives to lazy and contemplative devotion; Rome again aspired to the dominion of the world; and the wit of the lively and loquacious Greeks was consumed in the disputes of metaphysical theology.
If one must drink, then let one drink thrice a month, for more is bad. If one gets drunk twice a month, it is better; if one gets drunk once a month, that is better still; and if one doesn't drink at all, that is the best of all.
I am the very model of a modern Major-General, I've information vegetable, animal, and mineral, I know the kings of England, and I quote the fights historical from Marathon to Waterloo, in order categorical; I'm very well acquainted, too, with matters mathematical, I understand equations, both the simple and quadratical, about binomial theorem I'm teeming with a lot o' news, with many cheerful facts about the square of the hypotenuse.
I know our mythic history, King Arthur's and Sir Caradoc's; I answer hard acrostics, I've a pretty taste for paradox, I quote in elegiacs all the crimes of Heliogabalus, in conics I can floor peculiarities parabolous; I can tell undoubted Raphaels from Gerard Dows and Zoffanies, I know the croaking chorus from The Frogs of Aristophanes! Then I can hum a fugue of which I've heard the music's din afore, and whistle all the airs from that infernal nonsense Pinafore.
In fact, when I know what is meant by "mamelon" and "ravelin", when I can tell at sight a Mauser rifle from a javelin, when such affairs as sorties and surprises I'm more wary at, and when I know precisely what is meant by "commissariat", when I have learnt what progress has been made in modern gunnery, when I know more of tactics than a novice in a nunnery - in short, when I've a smattering of elemental strategy - you'll say a better Major-General has never sat a gee.
Jack: "Where the hell can I get eyes like that ?" Riddick: "You gotta kill a few people." Jack: "Okay, I can do it." Riddick: "Then you gotta get sent to a slam, where they tell you you'll never see daylight again. You dig up a doctor and you pay him twenty menthol Kools to do a surgical shine job on your eyeballs." Jack: "So you can see who's sneaking up on you in the dark ?" Riddick: "Exactly."
When I was a lad, I ate four dozen eggs every morning to help me get large, and now that I'm grown, I eat five dozen eggs so I'm roughly the size of a barge!
"What are you doing with all those books anyway?" Ron asked. "Just trying to decide which ones to take with us," said Hermione. "When we're looking for the Horcruxes." "Oh, of course," said Ron, clapping a hand to his forehead. "I forgot we'll be hunting down Voldemort in a mobile library."
For every man there is a cause which he would gladly die for. Defend the right to have a place to which he can belong to. And every man will fight with his bare hands in desperation. And shed his blood to stem the flood to barricade invasion.
Planet Earth, or as the rest of the omniverse calls it, the orb of dreams. The occupants of which spend so much time sleeping and dreaming, their vast imaginations humming away charged with creative energy... where do they go?
Planet Earth, or as the rest of the omniverse calls it, the orb of dreams.
Hmm... wandering through the desert got me nowhere fast!
Nine years ago, this man acted as accomplice to the attack on Mother Base. He then provided support to Skull Face. Conspiring with Eli, he repaired Sahelanthropus in secret. His "research materials" caused the leak at the quarantine facility. Which in turn caused the Wolbachia mutation, letting the parasites off their chains. We lost a lot of good men. He also stands accused of murdering one of his own family, hiding the body.
Never keep more fish than you can eat at one meal, never eat more than you want, never want more than you need, never need more than is reasonable, never be too reasonable about what you love, never love anything so much you love it to death, never destroy what can't be replaced, never think everything can be replaced.
Out of all the reindeers you know you're the mastermind. Run, run Rudolph, Randolph ain't too far behind. Run, run Rudolph, Santa's got to make it to town. Santa make him hurry tell him he can take the freeway down. Run, run Rudolph, 'cause I'm reelin' like a merry-go-round.
Planetary collision inner-vision apocalypse. Demonology, monetary-toppled metropolis. Inequality, military coddle the populous. Mephistopheles headed full-throttle for opulence!
Ain't no sunshine when she's gone. It's not warm when she's away. Ain't no sunshine when she's gone, and she's always gone too long anytime she goes away. Wonder this time where she's gone. Wonder if she's gone to stay. Ain't no sunshine when she's gone, and this house just ain't no home anytime she goes away.
Imma, Imma, Imma be, rockin' that apl.de be infinite. B-E-P we definite-ly. We on some next level sh- futuristic, musically. Powerful with energy. From the soul we sonically sending positivity across the globe and seven seas. Take care of our families. Rockin' shows, 'spectin cheese, Imma be out with my Peas. Livin' life, feelin' free, that's how it's supposed to be. Come join my festivities. Celebrate like Imma be.
Stars shining bright above you. Night breezes seem to whisper "I love you." Birds singing in the sycamore trees. Dream a little dream of me. Say "Night-ie night" and kiss me. Just hold me tight and tell me you'll miss me. While I'm alone and blue as can be; dream a little dream of me. Stars fading but I linger on, dear, still craving your kiss. I'm longing to linger till dawn, dear, just saying this. Sweet dreams till sunbeams find you. Sweet dreams that leave all worries behind you. But in your dreams whatever they be; dream a little dream of me.
The stomp of your foot, on one mouse, could start an earthquake, the effects of which could shake our earth and destinies down through Time, to their very foundations. With the death of that one caveman, a billion others yet unborn are throttled in the womb. Perhaps Rome never rises on its seven hills. Perhaps Europe is forever a dark forest, and only Asia waxes healthy and teeming. Step on a mouse and you crush the Pyramids. Step on a mouse and you leave your print, like a Grand Canyon, across Eternity. Queen Elizabeth might never be born, Washington might not cross the Delaware, there might never be a United States at all. So be careful. Stay on the Path. Never step off!
Eckels moaned. He dropped to his knees. He scrabbled at the golden butterfly with shaking fingers. "Can't we," he pleaded to the world, to himself, to the officials, to the Machine, "can't we take it back, can't we make it alive again? Can't we start over? Can't we-" He did not move. Eyes shut, he waited, shivering. He heard Travis breathe loud in the room; he heard Travis shift his rifle, click the safety catch, and raise the weapon. There was a sound of thunder.
She does the two step, and the tongue drop. She does the cabbage patch, and the bus stop. She like Electro, she love Hip Hop. She like the Reggae, she feel Punk Rock. She like the Samba, and the Mambo. She like to Break Dance, and Calypso.
Girl, me and you we're just fine (you know). We wined and dined. Did them things that couples do when in love (you know). Walks on the beach and stuff (you know). Things that lovers say and do, I love you boo, I love you too I miss you a lot, I miss you even more. That's why I flew you out when we was on tour. But then something got out of hand. You start yellin' when I was with my friends even though I had legitimate reasons. You know I had to make them dividends. How could you trust our private lives girl. That's why you don't believe my lies and quit this lecture.
Destiny is calling you, but you don't believe it. Keeper of the resurrection is standing alone. And surely, we'll unite once again with strong faith. Live to survive, live for my life. Just like... those stars!
Hear the voice of the world, time is calling me. I will see the new legend in the heat. I'm searching for the break in the moonlight. Trying to escape the dark, it's my mission. Can't you see? Feel a hunger burning deep inside. I'm a devil fighting with my spells. My voice will take me to the sky. I must win through in this cruel game. I will see the new legend in the heat. Do you have the means of keeping your life? Trying to escape the dark, it's my mission. Can't you see? Feel a hunger burning deep inside. I'm a devil fighting with my spells. My voice will take me to the sky. Break out! Now my time has come again. Bringing me back my life again. Listen closely it's all around. The way to make me free. Now my time has come again. Bringing me back my life again. Take the saber that is by your side. Run through the fields of rage.
There's something dangerous in the night. You'll beware. Follow the sign that comes in deep from your heart. Now I just feel the fire of steel. My soul is burning hard. Taking a chance to fight for freedom you want. Falling down to silent ground. Get away, now it's my time to make a change. Bright of steel that cuts my eyes. Make my day, now I just ready to go. Breaking the tyrant's rule; shake the world... like a dog of war. Taking a chance to fight for freedom you want. Falling down to silent ground. Get away, now it's my time to make a change. Bright of steel that cuts my eyes. Make my day, now I just ready to go.
Spark is the last scene you'll see. My sword bring you the end of your life. Your blood is spreading on the floor. It's like silent revelation.
Come ride with me through the veins of history. I'll show you how god falls asleep on the job. And how can we win when fools can be kings. Don't waste your time or time will waste you.
I regret my very happy days. Memories are fading away. I feel night and days. Somebody said "You must forget". I can not do yet. It's cold in my bed. Oh. There is no woman meant more than you- I wanna meet, wanna touch, do you hear this prayer of me? I thought that love with you was forever. I miss you. We'll surely meet in the future. I don't know where and with whom you live now. It is not in my mind. Now all of you are not mine. I thought that love with you was forever. I miss you. We'll surely meet in the future.
Romeo loved Juliet. Juliet, she felt the same. When he put his arms around her, he said, "Julie, baby, you're my flame thou giveth fever. When we kisseth - Fever with thy flaming youth. Fever! I'm afire. Fever, yea, I burn, forsooth." Cap'n Smith and Pocahontas had a very mad affair. When her daddy tried to kill him she said, "Daddy, oh, don't you dare - He gives me fever. With his kisses - Fever when he holds me tight. Fever! I'm his missus. Daddy, won't you treat him right?" Now you've listened to my story. Here's the point that I have made: Chicks were born to give you fever. Be it Fahrenheit or Centigrade - They give you fever. When you kiss them - Fever if you live you learn. Fever! till you sizzle. What a lovely way to burn. What a lovely way to burn. What a lovely way to burn. What a lovely way to burn.
Yes, I am a soldier. Promise I'll always fight in the cause of justice. But I don't do it by order. I'm always an enemy to injustice. Voices crying in the wilderness. Somebody is asking for my help. Voices crying in the darkness. Somebody is asking for my help. "Save us from hell!" Yes, I am a savior. I don't have the heart to ignore people in need. Never change my mind forever. Follow me without fear; I am in the lead. Voices crying in the painfulness. Somebody is asking for my help. Voices crying in hard sadness. Somebody is asking for my help. "Save us from pain!" Rise against! Out loud! Show you my noble action. Win or lose. To be proud. I'll prove my devotion. With a rage like a shroud. I'm ready for action. Feel my riot of emotion. I only fight in the cause of justice I am an enemy to injustice.
Peaceful days once I had were left behind. Now only the fate and tusk are in my hands. I won't look back on days in the past. I won't be down till I breath my last. Taking all the blames and claims deep inside. Believing all the opponents will be by my side. I will be back over and over again. I will fight back to the final day!
Just give me a reason to keep my heart beating. Don't worry it's safe right here in my arms. As the world falls apart around us all we can do is hold on, hold on. Take my hand and bring me back.
On a cold winter morning in a time before the light. In flames of death's eternal reign we ride towards the fight. When the darkness has fallen down and the times are tough all right. The sound of evil laughter falls around the world tonight. Fighting hard, fighting on for the steel, through the wastelands evermore. The scattered souls will feel the hell, bodies wasted on the shores. On the blackest plains in hell's domain we watch them as we go. In fire and pain and once again we know. So now we fly ever free. We're free before the thunderstorm. On towards the wilderness our quest carries on. Far beyond the sundown, far beyond the moonlight. Deep inside our hearts and all our souls.
We feel the pain of a lifetime lost in a thousand days.
As the red day is dawning and the lightning cracks the sky, they'll raise their hands to the heavens above with resentment to their eyes. Running back from the mid-morning light, there's a burning in my heart. We're banished from a time in a fallen land to a life beyond the stars. In your darkest dreams see to believe our destiny is time. And endlessly we'll all be free tonight.
So far away we wait for the day. For the lives all so wasted and gone. We feel the pain of a lifetime lost in a thousand days. Through the fire and the flames we carry on.
Now here we stand with their blood on our hands. We fought so hard now can we understand. I'll break the seal of this curse if I possibly can. For freedom of every man.
When we were young the future was so bright (whoa), the old neighborhood was so alive (whoa) and every kid on the whole damn street (whoa) was gonna make it big and not be beat. Now the neighborhood's cracked and torn (whoa). The kids are grown up but their lives are worn (whoa). How can one little street swallow so many lives? Chances blown. Nothing's free. Longing for. What used to be. Still it's hard. Hard to see. Fragile lives. Shattered dreams.
Chances blown. Nothing's free. Longing for. What used to be. Still it's hard. Hard to see. Fragile lives. Shattered dreams.
Flesh is burning, you can smell it in the air 'cause men like you have such an easy soul to steal (steal). So stand in line while they ink numbers in your head. You're now a slave until the end of time. And nothing stops the madness turning haunting, yearning, pull the trigger.
You should have known the price of evil. And it hurts to know that you belong here, yeah. Ooh, it's your nightmare! (While your nightmare comes to life.)
You've been lied to just to rape you of your site and now they have the nerve to tell you how to feel. So sedated as they medicate your brain and while you slowly go insane they tell you "given with the best intentions, help you with your complications".
I'm tired of being what you want me to be. Feeling so faithless, lost under the surface. Don't know what you're expecting of me. Put under the pressure of walking in your shoes. (Caught in the undertow, just caught in the undertow.) Every step that I take is another mistake to you. (Caught in the undertow, just caught in the undertow.)
I've become so numb, I can't feel you there. Become so tired, so much more aware. I'm becoming this. All I want to do is be more like me and be less like you.
Can't you see that you're smothering me. Holding too tightly, afraid to lose control? 'Cause everything that you thought I would be has fallen apart right in front of you.
It starts with- one thing, I don't know why. It doesn't even matter how hard you try. Keep that in mind I designed this rhyme to explain in due time. All I know. Time is a valuable thing. Watch it fly by as the pendulum swings. Watch it count down to the end of the day. The clock ticks life away. It's so unreal. Didn't look out below. Watch the time go right out the window. Trying to hold on, but didn't even know. I wasted it all just to watch you go. I kept everything inside and even though I tried, it all fell apart. What it meant to me will eventually be a memory of a time when I tried so hard and got so far. But in the end, it doesn't even matter. I had to fall to lose it all. But in the end, it doesn't even matter.
I tried so hard and got so far. But in the end, it doesn't even matter. I had to fall to lose it all. But in the end, it doesn't even matter.
In spite of the way you were mocking me. Acting like I was part of your property. Remembering all the times you fought with me. I'm surprised it got so far. Things aren't the way they were before. You wouldn't even recognize me anymore. Not that you knew me back then but it all comes back to me in the end.
In this farewell there's no blood, there's no alibi. 'Cause I've drawn regret from the truth of a thousand lies. So let mercy come and wash away. What I've done. I'll face myself to cross out what I've become. Erase myself and let go of what I've done. Put to rest what you thought of me. While I clean this slate with the hands of uncertainty.
In this farewell there's no blood, there's no alibi. 'Cause I've drawn regret from the truth of a thousand lies. So let mercy come and wash away. What I've done. I'll face myself to cross out what I've become. Erase myself and let go of what I've done. Put to rest what you thought of me. While I clean this slate with the hands of uncertainty.
Take me down to the river bend. Take me down to the fighting end. Wash the poison from off my skin. Show me how to be whole again. Fly me up on a silver wing past the black where the sirens sing. Warm me up in a nova's glow and drop me down to the dream below. 'Cause I'm only a crack in this castle of glass. Hardly anything there for you to see, for you to see. Bring me home in a blinding dream through the secrets that I have seen. Wash the sorrow from off my skin and show me how to be whole again. 'Cause I'm only a crack in this castle of glass. Hardly anything there for you to see, for you to see. 'Cause I'm only a crack in this castle of glass. Hardly anything else I need to be.
Kano, Liu Kang, Raiden, Johnny Cage, Scorpion, Sub-Zero, Sonya. MORTAL KOMBAT!
Then God said, "Let the land produce vegetation: seed-bearing plants and trees on the land that bear fruit with seed in it, according to their various kinds." And it was so. The land produced vegetation: plants bearing seed according to their kinds and trees bearing fruit with seed in it according to their kinds. And God saw that it was good.
And there was evening, and there was morning-the third day. And God said, "Let there be lights in the vault of the sky to separate the day from the night, and let them serve as signs to mark sacred times, and days and years, and let them be lights in the vault of the sky to give light on the earth." And it was so.
God made two great lights-the greater light to govern the day and the lesser light to govern the night. He also made the stars.
God set them in the vault of the sky to give light on the earth, to govern the day and the night, and to separate light from darkness. And God saw that it was good. And there was evening, and there was morning-the fourth day.
And God said, "Let the water teem with living creatures, and let birds fly above the earth across the vault of the sky." So God created the great creatures of the sea and every living thing with which the water teems and that moves about in it, according to their kinds, and every winged bird according to its kind. And God saw that it was good. God blessed them and said, "Be fruitful and increase in number and fill the water in the seas, and let the birds increase on the earth."
And there was evening, and there was morning-the fifth day. And God said, "Let the land produce living creatures according to their kinds: the livestock, the creatures that move along the ground, and the wild animals, each according to its kind." And it was so. God made the wild animals according to their kinds, the livestock according to their kinds, and all the creatures that move along the ground according to their kinds. And God saw that it was good. Then God said, "Let us make mankind in our image, in our likeness, so that they may rule over the fish in the sea and the birds in the sky, over the livestock and all the wild animals, and over all the creatures that move along the ground."
So God created mankind in his own image, in the image of God he created them; male and female he created them. God blessed them and said to them, "Be fruitful and increase in number; fill the earth and subdue it. Rule over the fish in the sea and the birds in the sky and over every living creature that moves on the ground." Then God said, "I give you every seed-bearing plant on the face of the whole earth and every tree that has fruit with seed in it. They will be yours for food. And to all the beasts of the earth and all the birds in the sky and all the creatures that move along the ground-everything that has the breath of life in it-I give every green plant for food." And it was so.
So God created mankind in his own image, in the image of God he created them; male and female he created them.
Thus the heavens and the earth were completed in all their vast array.
By the seventh day God had finished the work he had been doing; so on the seventh day he rested from all his work. Then God blessed the seventh day and made it holy, because on it he rested from all the work of creating that he had done.
This is the account of the heavens and the earth when they were created, when the Lord God made the earth and the heavens.
Now no shrub had yet appeared on the earth and no plant had yet sprung up, for the Lord God had not sent rain on the earth and there was no one to work the ground, but streams came up from the earth and watered the whole surface of the ground.
Then the Lord God formed a man from the dust of the ground and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life, and the man became a living being. Now the Lord God had planted a garden in the east, in Eden; and there he put the man he had formed.
The Lord God made all kinds of trees grow out of the ground-trees that were pleasing to the eye and good for food. In the middle of the garden were the tree of life and the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. A river watering the garden flowed from Eden; from there it was separated into four headwaters. The name of the first is the Pishon; it winds through the entire land of Havilah, where there is gold. The gold of that land is good; aromatic resin and onyx are also there. The name of the second river is the Gihon; it winds through the entire land of Cush. The name of the third river is the Tigris; it runs along the east side of Ashur. And the fourth river is the Euphrates.
The Lord God took the man and put him in the Garden of Eden to work it and take care of it.
So Cain went out from the Lord's presence and lived in the land of Nod, east of Eden. Cain made love to his wife, and she became pregnant and gave birth to Enoch. Cain was then building a city, and he named it after his son Enoch. To Enoch was born Irad, and Irad was the father of Mehujael, and Mehujael was the father of Methushael, and Methushael was the father of Lamech. Lamech married two women, one named Adah and the other Zillah. Adah gave birth to Jabal; he was the father of those who live in tents and raise livestock. His brother's name was Jubal; he was the father of all who play stringed instruments and pipes. Zillah also had a son, Tubal-Cain, who forged all kinds of tools out of bronze and iron. Tubal-Cain's sister was Naamah.
To Enoch was born Irad, and Irad was the father of Mehujael, and Mehujael was the father of Methushael, and Methushael was the father of Lamech.
Lamech said to his wives, "Adah and Zillah, listen to me; wives of Lamech, hear my words. I have killed a man for wounding me, a young man for injuring me. If Cain is avenged seven times, then Lamech seventy-seven times."
This is the written account of Adam's family line. When God created mankind, he made them in the likeness of God. He created them male and female and blessed them. And he named them "Mankind"  when they were created. When Adam had lived 130 years, he had a son in his own likeness, in his own image; and he named him Seth. After Seth was born, Adam lived 800 years and had other sons and daughters. Altogether, Adam lived a total of 930 years, and then he died. When Seth had lived 105 years, he became the father of Enosh. After he became the father of Enosh, Seth lived 807 years and had other sons and daughters. Altogether, Seth lived a total of 912 years, and then he died.
This is the written account of Adam's family line. When God created mankind, he made them in the likeness of God. He created them male and female and blessed them. And he named them "Mankind"  when they were created.
When Lamech had lived 182 years, he had a son. He named him Noah and said, "He will comfort us in the labor and painful toil of our hands caused by the ground the Lord has cursed."
When human beings began to increase in number on the earth and daughters were born to them, the sons of God saw that the daughters of humans were beautiful, and they married any of them they chose. Then the Lord said, "My Spirit will not contend with humans forever, for they are mortal; their days will be a hundred and twenty years."
The Nephilim were on the earth in those days-and also afterward-when the sons of God went to the daughters of humans and had children by them. They were the heroes of old, men of renown.
The Lord saw how great the wickedness of the human race had become on the earth, and that every inclination of the thoughts of the human heart was only evil all the time. The Lord regretted that he had made human beings on the earth, and his heart was deeply troubled.
So the Lord said, "I will wipe from the face of the earth the human race I have created-and with them the animals, the birds and the creatures that move along the ground-for I regret that I have made them."
But Noah found favor in the eyes of the Lord. This is the account of Noah and his family. Noah was a righteous man, blameless among the people of his time, and he walked faithfully with God. Noah had three sons: Shem, Ham and Japheth. Now the earth was corrupt in God's sight and was full of violence. God saw how corrupt the earth had become, for all the people on earth had corrupted their ways.
So God said to Noah, "I am going to put an end to all people, for the earth is filled with violence because of them. I am surely going to destroy both them and the earth. So make yourself an ark of cypress wood; make rooms in it and coat it with pitch inside and out. This is how you are to build it: The ark is to be three hundred cubits long, fifty cubits wide and thirty cubits high. Make a roof for it, leaving below the roof an opening one cubit high all around. Put a door in the side of the ark and make lower, middle and upper decks. I am going to bring floodwaters on the earth to destroy all life under the heavens, every creature that has the breath of life in it. Everything on earth will perish."
I am going to bring floodwaters on the earth to destroy all life under the heavens, every creature that has the breath of life in it. Everything on earth will perish.
But I will establish my covenant with you, and you will enter the ark-you and your sons and your wife and your sons' wives with you. You are to bring into the ark two of all living creatures, male and female, to keep them alive with you. Two of every kind of bird, of every kind of animal and of every kind of creature that moves along the ground will come to you to be kept alive. You are to take every kind of food that is to be eaten and store it away as food for you and for them.
You are to bring into the ark two of all living creatures, male and female, to keep them alive with you. Two of every kind of bird, of every kind of animal and of every kind of creature that moves along the ground will come to you to be kept alive.
He's drivin' a jeep but he ain't in the army. Gets all his cigarette money from his mommy. Dressed like a rootin' tootin' Texas cowboy. But this lone ranger's never seen a horse. He wanna be Americano, Americano, Americano. He wants to drive a Cadillac. He's chasing showgirls, smokin' camels, whiskey and soda. Now he's never goin' back. He's cruisin' streets for gold. Dressed in designer clothes. Brother if your too slow. You'd better not blink or you'll wind up in the drink. Wanna be Americano Americano, Americano.
He likes that rock and roll. He's playing baseball. Loves Marilyn Monroe. A Coca-Cola Joe, and a pizza pie to go.
Woah, uh get your hands in the air and get to clapping 'em and, like, back and forth because this is what you thought it wasn't. It be's the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen. I be the F-R-O the double G, and check out my man, he goes by the name of um, er... Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady. I'm an M-80, you little like that Kim lady. I'm buzzin', Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer. Cursin' at you playas worse than Marty Schottenheimer.
I'm nicer than Pete, but I'm on a search to crush a milkbone. I'm everlasting, I melt vanilla ice like silicone. I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason. I'm colder than snow season when it's 20 below freezin'. Flavor with no seasonin', this is the sneak preview. I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a week review. I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals. This is lyrical combat, gentlemen, hold your pistols. But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles. Slim Shady, Eminem was the old initials. Extortion, snortin', supportin' abortion. Pathological liar, blowing this out of proportion. The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic, impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict, half animal, half man.
Extortion, snortin', supportin' abortion. Pathological liar, blowing this out of proportion. The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic, impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict, half animal, half man.
Somebody let me out this limousine! I'm a caged demon on stage screamin' like Rage Against the Machine. I'm convinced I'm a fiend. Shooting up while this record is spinnin'. Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion.
Skeletons in your closet itchin' to come outside. Messin' with your conscience in a way your face can't hide. Oh things are gettin' real funky down at the old corral, and it's not the skunks that are stinkin'. It's the stinkin' lies you tell. What did your mama tell you about lies? She said it wasn't polite to tell a white one. What did your daddy tell you about lies? He said one white one turns into a black one.
So, it's gettin' ready to blow. It's gettin' ready to show. Somebody shot off at the mouth and we're gettin' ready to know. It's gettin' ready to drop. It's gettin' ready to shock. Somebody done turned up the heater. An'a it's gettin' ready to pop.
Crevices in your pantry. Now what do we have in here. Havin' a daytime nightmare has always been your biggest fear. Oh things are gettin' real crucial up the old wazoo. Yet you cry, 'why am I the victim'? When the culprit's y-o-u.
It's gettin' ready to seep. You're gettin' ready to freak. Somebody done picked up the talk box. We're gettin' ready to speak. It's gettin' ready to jive. It's gettin' ready to gel. Somebody done gone let the lid off and it's gettin' ready to smell. They're gettin' ready to deal. You're gettin' ready to ill. Somebody done just dropped the big dime and they're gettin' ready to squeal. It's gettin' ready to turn. We're gettin' ready to learn. Somebody done fired up the brimstone and you're gettin' ready to burn. It's gettin' ready to shake. You're gettin' ready to ache. Somebody done snitched to the news crew and it's gettin' ready to break. You're gettin' ready to lie. They're gettin' ready to spy. Somebody's been put on the hot seat and you're gettin' ready to fry.
Pack it up, pack it in, let me begin. I came to win, battle me that's a sin. I won't tear the sack up, punk you'd better back up. Try and play the role and the whole crew will act up. Get up, stand up, come on, throw your hands up. If you've got the feelin' jump across the ceilin'. Muggs is a funk fest, someone's talkin' junk, yo, I'll bust 'em in the eye and then I'll take the punks home. Feel it, funk it, amps it are junkin' and I got more rhymes than there's cops that are dunkin'- Donuts shop, sure 'nuff I got props from the kids on the hill, plus my mom and my pops. I came to get down, I came to get down. So get out your seats and jump around.
Word to your moms I came to drop bombs, I got more rhymes than the Bible's got Psalms. And just like the Prodigal Son I've returned. Anyone steppin' to me you'll get burned. 'Cause I got lyrics but you ain't got none. If you come to battle bring a shotgun. But if you do you're a fool, 'cause I duel to the death. Try and step to me you'll take your last breath. I got the skill, come get your fill. 'Cause when I shoot to give, I shoot to kill. I came to get down, I came to get down. So get out your seats and jump around.
I'm the cream of the crop, I rise to the top. I never eat a pig 'cause a pig is a cop or better yet a Terminator, like Arnold Schwarzenegger. Try'n to play me out like as if my name was Sega.
And then I'm makin' some love, I put my root down. I'm like sweetie pie by the stone alliance. Everybody know I'm known for dropping science. I'm electric like Dick Hyman. I guess you'd expect to catch the crew rhymin'. Never let you down with the stereo sound so Mike, get on the mic and turn it out. We're talking root down, I put my boot down and if you want to battle me, you're putting loot down. I said it's root down, it's time to scoot down. Until I step up to the mic in my goose down. Come up represent from the upper west. Money makin' put me to the test. Sometimes I feel as though I've been blessed 'cause I'm doing what I want so I never rest.
Well I'm ain't coming out goofy like the fruit of the loom guys. Just strutting like the meters with the lookin' in py py. 'Cause downtown Brooklyn is where I was born but when the snow is falling then I am gone. You do might think that I'm a fanatic. A phone call from Utah and I'm throwing a panic. So bring it to the root where we kick it on down. Jimmy Smith is my man I want to give him a pound.
When you see that trading is done, not by consent, but by compulsion--when you see that in order to produce, you need to obtain permission from men who produce nothing--when you see that money is flowing to those who deal, not in goods, but in favors--when you see that men get richer by graft and by pull than by work, and your laws don't protect you against them, but protect them against you--when you see corruption being rewarded and honesty becoming a self-sacrifice--you may know that your society is doomed.
When you have made evil the means of survival, do not expect men to remain good. Do not expect them to stay moral and lose their lives for the purpose of becoming the fodder of the immoral. Do not expect them to produce, when production is punished and looting rewarded. Do not ask, 'Who is destroying the world?' You are
You, who've expended an inconceivable flow of energy, have been called a parasite. You, who've created abundance where there had been nothing but wastelands and helpless, starving men before you, have been called a robber. You, who've kept them all alive, have been called an exploiter. You, the purest and most moral man among them, have been sneered at as a 'vulgar materialist.' Have you stopped to ask them: by what right?--by what code?--by what standard?
All your life, you have heard yourself denounced, not for your faults, but for your greatest virtues. You have been hated, not for your mistakes, but for your achievements. You have been scorned for all those qualities of character which are your highest pride. You have been called selfish for the courage of acting on your own judgment and bearing sole responsibility for your own life. You have been called arrogant for your independent mind. You have been called cruel for your unyielding integrity. You have been called anti-social for the vision that made you venture upon undiscovered roads. You have been called ruthless for the strength and self-discipline of your drive to your purpose. You have been called greedy for the magnificence of your power to create wealth.
The worst guilt is to accept an undeserved guilt.
If you saw Atlas, the giant who holds the world on his shoulders, if you saw that he stood, blood running down his chest, his knees buckling, his arms trembling but still trying to hold the world aloft with the last of his strength, and the greater his effort the heavier the world bore down upon his shoulders-what would you tell him to do? I... don't know. What... could he do? What would you tell him? To shrug.
Who is the public? What does it hold as its good? There was a time when men believed that 'the good' was a concept to be defined by a code of moral values and that no man had the right to seek his good through the violation of the rights of another. If it is now believed that my fellow men may sacrifice me in any manner they please for the sake of whatever they believe to be their own good, if they believe that they may seize my property simply because they need it--well, so does any burglar. There is only this difference: the burglar does not ask me to sanction his act.
I refuse to accept as guilt the fact of my own existence and the fact that I must work in order to support it. I refuse to accept as guilt the fact that I am able to do it and to do it well. I refuse to accept as guilt the fact that I am able to do it better than most people--the fact that my work is of greater value than the work of my neighbors and that more men are willing to pay me. I refuse to apologize for my ability--I refuse to apologize for my success--I refuse to apologize for my money. If this is evil, make the most of it. If this is what the public finds harmful to its interests, let the public destroy me. This is my code--and I will accept no other.
Miss Taggart, we have no laws in this valley, no rules, no formal organization of any kind. We come here because we want to rest. But we have certain customs, which we all observe, because they pertain to the things we need to rest from. So I'll warn you now that there is one word which is forbidden in this valley: the word 'give.'
People think that a liar gains a victory over his victim. What I've learned is that a lie is an act of self-abdication, because one surrenders one's reality to the person to whom one lies, making that person one's master, condemning oneself from then on to faking the sort of reality that person's view requires to be faked. And if one gains the immediate purpose of the lie - the price one pays is the destruction of what the gain was intended to serve. The man who lies to the world is the world's slave from then on.
And if one gains the immediate purpose of the lie - the price one pays is the destruction of what the gain was intended to serve. The man who lies to the world is the world's slave from then on.
The man who lies to the world is the world's slave from then on.
In any compromise between food and poison, it is only death that can win. In any compromise between good and evil, it is only evil that can profit.
In any compromise between good and evil, it is only evil that can profit.
The evil of the world is made possible by nothing but the sanction you give it.
Well I graduated summa cum laude from USC in Business. I work for Schliemann-Schliemann's abroker. I drive a black Beamer, own a condo in NCO, and make over $200,000 dollars a year. Hey I got a quarter-million dollars in the bank. I just got a hair implant, you like it? I vacation in con every summer. You think I need a nose job? I date at least one new woman a month. Guess what? You are miss July.
'How old is he?' the policeman asked Mrs. Reilly. 'I am thirty,' Ignatius said condescendingly. 'You got a job?' 'Ignatius hasta help me at home,' Mrs. Reilly said. Her initial courage was failing a little, and she began to twist the lute string with the cord on the cake boxes. 'I got terrible arthuritis.' 'I dust a bit,' Ignatius told the policeman. 'In addition, I am at the moment writing a lengthy indictment against our century. When my brain begins to reel from my literary labors, I make an occasional cheese dip.'
Garibaldi: And if I had a baseball bat, we could hang you from the ceiling and play pinata. Bester: A pinata, huh? So, you think of me as something bright and cheerful, full of toys and candy for young children? Thank you!
Lois Lane is falling, accelerating at an initial rate of 32ft per second, per second. Superman swoops down to save her by reaching out two arms of steel. Ms. Lane, who is now traveling at approximately 120 miles per hour, hits them, and is immediately sliced into three equal pieces.
Ayo, my pen and paper cause a chain reaction; to get your brain relaxin', the zany actin' maniac in action; a brainiac in fact, son, you mainly lack attraction; you look insanely wack when just a fraction of my tracks run; my rhymin' skills got you climbin' hills.
Yet I know, as you know, people who would think they had committed a crime if they let their families or employees go for six days without food; but they will let them go for six days, and six weeks, and sometimes sixty years without giving them the hearty appreciation that they crave almost as much as they crave food.
Cause what you see, you might not get, and we can bet, so don't you get souped yet. Scheming on a thing, that's a mirage. I'm trying to tell you now, it's sabotage.
I'll be the roundabout. The words will make you out 'n' out. I spent the day your way. Call it morning driving through the sound and in and out the valley.
Do not go gentle into that good night, Old age should burn and rave at close of day; Rage, rage against the dying of the light. Though wise men at their end know dark is right, Because their words had forked no lightning they Do not go gentle into that good night. Good men, the last wave by, crying how bright Their frail deeds might have danced in a green bay, Rage, rage against the dying of the light. Wild men who caught and sang the sun in flight, And learn, too late, they grieved it on its way, Do not go gentle into that good night. Grave men, near death, who see with blinding sight Blind eyes could blaze like meteors and be gay, Rage, rage against the dying of the light. And you, my father, there on that sad height, Curse, bless, me now with your fierce tears, I pray. Do not go gentle into that good night. Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
H to the E to the R to the O, and here comes your hero HO! Here we go! P to the A to the R to the A, Parappa's the name I rap everyday. Now it's time for the ruff phat night, and let's all pump up the night. Breakin' out was the name of the game for me, you, you, you, and you! What's his name? He grew up in this town. Check this out come on and bring it down! Kick punch chop, I got the funky flow, M.I.X. the flour into the bowl!
Ribet, ribet, I can not hold it. The last toilet that I had, I've already sold it. In the rain or in the snow, I got the funky flow, but now I really gotta go. In the rain or in the snow, you got the funky flow, but now you really gotta go. The toilet over there will bring you luck so give up! I got no time to spare! The toilet over there will bring you luck so give up! I got no time to spare.
Alright, we're here, just sittin' in the car. I want you to show me if you can get far. Step on the gas! Step on the gas. Step on the brakes! Step on the breaks. Now step on the gas! Step on the gas. When I say boom boom boom you say bam bam bam! No pause in between, come on, let's jam!
Woh ho ho ho! Stop the car! We got an emergency, can't you see? Do you know why we stopped the car? Do I know why we stopped the car? Guess... Guess? What... What? Do you know why we stopped the car? Do I know why we stopped the car? Guess... Guess? What... What? I forgot to close the door. You forgot to close the door.
Kick! Punch! It's all in the mind. If you wanna test me, I'm sure you'll find that all the things I'll teach ya is sure to beat ya. But nevertheless you'll get a lesson from teacher now. Kick! Kick. Punch! Punch. Chop! Chop. Block! Block.
Come on now, why don't you follow my words because we're almost done, I'll make it easy at first. I wanna see if you wanna see what it means to be the man with the master plan, are you the man now?
Chinese children played with them c. 400 BC; da Vinci designed one in the early 1480s; the Frenchman d'Amecourt demonstrated a steam-powered aluminum one in 1861 (although it never got off the ground); in 1907 two Frenchmen, the Breguet brothers, finally built an engine-powered helicopter which lifted its pilot two feet off the ground. And in 1933 the German Focke-Wulf company designed and built the world's first twin-rotor helicopter, intending it for military use, even as Igor Sikorsky was doing the same in the United States. Used rarely during WW2, the helicopter was primarily employed as transport in the Korean War, and finally as gunships during the Vietnam War.
Able to hug the terrain and avoid detection (until too late) by flying "nap-of-the-earth," during the Cold War it became the primary "tank-buster" in both the U.S. and USSR armies. Today, helicopters are as useful as they are ubiquitous in military operations, doing everything from recon, to medivac, to troop insertion and recovery, to providing close air support with guns and missiles.
Finally the Germans got it right; the U-19 - they finally quit giving the boats names - was launched in 1912 with two-stroke diesel engines, four torpedo tubes and two deck guns, and able to dive to 164 feet. At the opening of WW1, Germany had 28 U-boats in service; in the first ten weeks, these sank five British cruisers. So effective were the U-boats that the Treaty of Versailles forbade the construction of German submarines. But, the U-boat fleet was rebuilt, and by the end of WW2 the boats had sunk some 2779 ships (confirmed) totaling 14.1 million tons - roughly 70% of Allied losses in all theaters. In 1955 West Germany was allowed to have a navy again ... and promptly started building U-boats, the latest being the non-nuclear U-35, commissioned in March 2015.
Nothing very practical was developed for anti-aircraft purposes until WW1, when the British decided a few weeks into the conflict that something was needed to dissuade the Germans from flying over their coasts with Zeppelins; the QF 1-pounder "pom-pom" was the first artillery piece designed as a dedicated anti-aircraft (AA) gun. Soon, everyone had some type of "ack-ack" to fire at the growing number of warplanes buzzing about, both on the battlefield and on the home front.
The QF 1-pounder "pom-pom" was the first artillery piece designed as a dedicated anti-aircraft (AA) gun. Soon, everyone had some type of "ack-ack" to fire at the growing number of warplanes buzzing about, both on the battlefield and on the home front.
Among other things of interest, the stele shows the commander Eannatum riding in a "chariot" - actually, more a four-wheeled cart pulled by asses (the animals, not the humans). The Sumerian war-cart was a four-wheeled device composed of a woven basket mounted on wooden, solid wheels; it was manned by a crew of two carrying battle-axes and lances and pulled by a yoke of four onagers (those Asiatic asses). Although shown on this and other stele, there is considerable debate as to whether the war-carts were actually used in combat, or served more as a "battle taxi," carting the commander around to strategic locations where he could dismount and lead his troops personally in the melee. Whatever the function, the Sumerian war-cart was the genesis for the later horse-drawn war chariot.
Among other things of interest, the stele shows the commander Eannatum riding in a "chariot" - actually, more a four-wheeled cart pulled by asses (the animals, not the humans). The Sumerian war-cart was a four-wheeled device composed of a woven basket mounted on wooden, solid wheels; it was manned by a crew of two carrying battle-axes and lances and pulled by a yoke of four onagers (those Asiatic asses).
For both espionage and counterespionage, being fluent in several languages is a boon. It helps in all sorts of missions, from surveillance to infiltration. While early spies were often recruited solely because of their facility with a language, by the opening salvos of World War II, most intelligence agencies had their own schools to train agents in the language(s) of the enemy. And linguistic complexities made it difficult for some nations to be spied upon, as with the Japanese and Chinese. During the Cold War, both the CIA and the KGB even established institutes to study linguistics seeking to overcome such challenges.
For both espionage and counterespionage, being fluent in several languages is a boon. It helps in all sorts of missions, from surveillance to infiltration.
"Operation Paperclip" was a long-running (1949-1990) OSS/CIA program to bring scientists, engineers, and technicians from Nazi Germany and other countries to work in America on (primarily) rocket and nuclear projects. By the time of its suspension, over 1500 "rocket scientists" had been recruited, blackmailed, or lured to work in and for the United States. As much as American progress, the purpose of the operation was to deny these folk to the Soviet Union, which had its own "Operation Osoaviakhim" doing the same thing. Among the more notable brought to America: Wernher von Braun, Kurt Debus, Hubertus Strughold, and Arthur Rudolph.
The first recorded account of a battle cry is found in the epic Iliad of Homer, but warriors have been screaming into battle since long before. Meant to intimidate the enemy, or perhaps bolster their own courage, many soldiers of civilizations have developed distinctive cries and yells. Among the most famous echoing through history: the 'Alala' of Athens, the several Kipchak shouts, Muslim 'Allahu Akbar,' the Mongol cry to urge their horses to battle, the fearsome Rebel Yell of the South, 'Vive l'Empereur,' and "Remember the Alamo." War is a noisy business, it seems.
Among the most famous echoing through history: the 'Alala' of Athens, the several Kipchak shouts, Muslim 'Allahu Akbar,' the Mongol cry to urge their horses to battle, the fearsome Rebel Yell of the South, 'Vive l'Empereur,' and "Remember the Alamo."
Through most of the Middle Ages and Renaissance, religious "disputations" (formal debates) offered the avowed method of establishing truth in theology. Based on the hoary old traditions of Platonic philosophy, these debates were judged based on the debaters' citation of "accepted" written works and the usual rhetorical skills of spokesmen. Disputations between Catholic and Jewish theologians (such as that in Paris in 1240) were quite polite; those between Protestants and Catholics (for instance, Regensburg in 1541) somewhat less so. Meanwhile, to the East the Mughal emperor Akbar the Great was hosting disputations between Muslim, Hindu, Jain, Zoroastrian, and Catholic Jesuit holy men as a show of his religious tolerance.
Whether quietly teaching the "Word" or loudly pounding the pulpit, the primary method of bringing newcomers into a faith is public speaking, with all the techniques of oratory to draw upon. Indeed, in the Roman Catholic Church, an "oratory" is a place set aside for ecclesiastical public prayer. In the beginning, religious oratory carried only as far as a prophet's voice, but the mass media age gave it evangelical wings on radio (Billy Sunday, for example) and television (Billy Graham).
Whether quietly teaching the "Word" or loudly pounding the pulpit, the primary method of bringing newcomers into a faith is public speaking, with all the techniques of oratory to draw upon. Indeed, in the Roman Catholic Church, an "oratory" is a place set aside for ecclesiastical public prayer.
Watch the steps, grab a drink, have a good time now. Welcome to paradise. Since I left you, I found the world so new.
There's no such thing as perfect. You're beautiful as you are, Courage. With all your imperfections, you can do anything.
I threw a wish in the well, don't ask me I'll never tell, I looked to you as it fell, and now you're in my way. I'd trade my soul for a wish, pennies and dimes for a kiss I wasn't looking for this, but now you're in my way.
I got the eye of the tiger, a fighter, dancing through the fire 'cause I am a champion and you're gonna hear me roar. Louder, louder than a lion 'cause I am a champion and you're gonna hear me roar! Oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh. You're gonna hear me roar!
Cause, baby, now we got bad blood. You know it used to be mad love. So take a look what you've done. 'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood. Hey! Now we got problems, and I don't think we can solve them. You made a really deep cut and, baby, now we got bad blood. Hey!
Let the past die. Kill it, if you have to. That's the only way to become what you are meant to be.
Trump, despite his disappointment at Washington's failure to properly greet and celebrate him, was, like a good salesman, an optimist. Salesmen, whose primary characteristic and main asset is their ability to keep selling, constantly recast the world in positive terms. Discouragement for everyone else is merely the need to improve reality for them.
Early in the campaign, in a Producers-worthy scene, Sam Nunberg was sent to explain the Constitution to the candidate: "I got as far as the Fourth Amendment before his finger is pulling down on his lip and his eyes are rolling back in his head."
Fools, said I, you do not know. Silence like a cancer grows! Hear my words and I might teach you, take my arms and I might reach you. But my words, like silent raindrops fell and echoed in the wells of silence. And the people bowed and prayed to the neon God they've made. And the signed flashed out its warning in the words it was forming. And the said, the words of the prophets are written on subway walls and tenement halls, and whispered in the sound of silence.
Tell me that I'm wrong but I do what I please. Way too many people in the Addison Lee. now I'm at the age when I know what I need oh, whoa. Midnight memories, oh, oh, oh, oh. Baby you and me stumbling in the street singing - singing - singing - singing. Midnight memories, oh, oh, oh, oh. Anywhere we go never say no. Just do it - do it - do it - do it.
Connor shook his head again, his mouth clamped shut tight, but he could feel a burning in his chest, like a fire someone had lit there, a miniature sun, blazing away and burning him from the inside.
One way or another I'm gonna find ya, I'm gonna get ya - get ya - get ya - get ya. One way or another I'm gonna win ya, I'm gonna get ya - get ya - get ya - get ya. One way or another I'm gonna see ya, I'm gonna meet ya - meet ya - meet ya - meet ya. One day, maybe next week I'm gonna meet ya, I'm gonna meet ya - I'll meet ya
When she was just a girl. She expected the world. But it flew away from her reach. So she ran away in her sleep. And dreamed of...
What is better - to be born good, or to overcome your evil nature through great effort?
Ugh -- AGAIN?! Jack's tearing Pandora apart to find the vault. They say Jack's drilling operations are causing those earthquakes. That, or your mom just got outta bed. ZING!
I'll make you happy, baby, just wait and see. For every kiss you give me, I'll give you three. Oh, since the day I saw you I have been waiting for you. You know I will adore you 'til eternity.
Don't worry, about a thing, 'cause every little thing gonna be alright. Singin' don't worry, about a thing, 'cause every little thing gonna be alright. Rise up this mornin', smiled with the risin' sun. Three little birds pitch by my doorstep, singin' sweet songs, of melodies pure and true. Saying', "this is my message to you." Singing don't worry, 'bout a thing, 'cause every little thing gonna be alright. Singing' don't worry, (don't worry) 'bout a thing, 'cause every little thing gonna be alright.
Thus, from the war of nature, from famine and death, the most exalted object which we are capable of conceiving, namely, the production of the higher animals, directly follows. There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that, whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved.
Our merchants and masters complain much of the bad effects of high wages in raising the price and lessening the sale of goods. They say nothing concerning the bad effects of high profits. They are silent with regard to the pernicious effects of their own gains. They complain only of those of other people.
Skepticism is thus a resting-place for human reason, where it can reflect upon its dogmatic wanderings and make survey of the region in which it finds itself, so that for the future it may be able to choose its path with more certainty. But it is no dwelling-place for permanent settlement. Such can be obtained only through perfect certainty in our knowledge, alike of the objects themselves and of the limits within which all our knowledge of objects is enclosed.
Skepticism is thus a resting-place for human reason, where it can reflect upon its dogmatic wanderings and make survey of the region in which it finds itself, so that for the future it may be able to choose its path with more certainty. But it is no dwelling-place for permanent settlement. Such can be obtained only through perfect certainty in our knowledge, alike of the objects themselves and of the limits within which all our knowledge of objects is enclosed.
And here comes in the question whether it is better to be loved rather than feared, or feared rather than loved. It might perhaps be answered that we should wish to be both; but since love and fear can hardly exist together, if we must choose between them, it is far safer to be feared than loved.
Everyone sees what you appear to be, few experience what you really are.
When it can be said by any country in the world, my poor are happy, neither ignorance nor distress is to be found among them, my jails are empty of prisoners, my streets of beggars, the aged are not in want, the taxes are not oppressive, the rational world is my friend because I am the friend of happiness. When these things can be said, then may that country boast its constitution and government. Independence is my happiness, the world is my country and my religion is to do good.
Just a young gun with a quick fuse. I was uptight, wanna let loose. I was dreaming of bigger things. And wanna leave my old life behind. Not a yes-sir, not a follower. Fit the box, fit the mold. Have a seat in the foyer, take a number. I was lightning before the thunder.
No one can draw a clear line between sane and insane. You move that line as you see fit for yourself. No one else can. You'll understand soon... that the one that's insane is this world. Do you want to come with me? The only ones left will be you and me.
Once upon a time, in a faraway land, a young prince lived in a shining castle. Although he had everything his heart desired, the prince was spoiled, selfish, and unkind. But then, one winter's night, an old beggar woman came to the castle and offered him a single rose in return for shelter from the bitter cold. Repulsed by her haggard appearance, the prince sneered at the gift and turned the old woman away. But she warned him not to be deceived by appearances, for beauty is found within. And when he dismissed her again, the old woman's ugliness melted away to reveal a beautiful enchantress. The prince tried to apologize, but it was too late, for she had seen that there was no love in his heart. And as punishment, she transformed him into a hideous beast and placed a powerful spell on the castle and all who lived there.
Ashamed of his monstrous form, the beast concealed himself inside his castle, with a magic mirror as his only window to the outside world. The rose she had offered was truly an enchanted rose, which would bloom until his 21st year. If he could learn to love another, and earn her love in return by the time the last petal fell, then the spell would be broken. If not, he would be doomed to remain a beast for all time. As the years passed, he fell into despair and lost all hope. For who could ever learn to love a beast?
So there you have it, Ace that's why I did what I did. I had no choice, really. It was that or the great beyond. Just know your dad did what he had to do if I ever wanted to see you or your mom again. You probably won't recognize me, since I'll be, well, a robot and all, but I'll find you, I promise - from the journals of Cayde-6.
Another head hangs lowly - child is slowly taken. And the violence, caused such silence. Who are we mistaken? But you see, it's not me. It's not my family. In your head, in your head, they are fighting With their tanks, and their bombs, and their bombs, and their guns. In your head, in your head they are crying
Hawk's back, in the world's first 3D handheld skating game. And he's brought new pros (Caballero, Koston, Mullen). New tricks (Bluntsides, BS/FS Nose-and Tailslides, Heelflip Varials, Airwalks & more). And new terrain (insane street and vert levels). Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2 for Game Boy Advance. Get your hands on a legend.
My surprise reached a climax, however, when I found incidentally that he was ignorant of the Copernican Theory and of the composition of the Solar System. That any civilized man being in this nineteenth century should not be aware that the earth travelled round the sun appeared to me to be such an extraordinary fact that I could hardly realize it.
There are four million people in Manhattan, right? That makes about two million of them guys. So out of two million guys, she has to go out with Mr Gianini. She can't go out with some guy I don't know. She can't go out with some guy she met at D'Agostino's or wherever. Oh, no. she has to go out with my Algebra teacher. Thanks, Mom. Thanks a whole lot.
It's not dying that you need be afraid of, it's never having lived in the first place.
Guess it's true, I'm not good at a one-night stand. But I still need love 'cause I'm just a man. These nights never seem to go to plan. I don't want you to leave, will you hold my hand? Oh, won't you stay with me? 'Cause you're all I need. This ain't love, it's clear to see. But, darling, stay with me.
Oh, won't you stay with me? 'Cause you're all I need. This ain't love, it's clear to see. But, darling, stay with me.
Is your head spinning? Is your heart racing? Is there fire in your veins? Are your bones burning? Is your skin yearning? 'Cause you're driving me insane.
I wanna run away anywhere out this place. I wanna run away, just you and I.
Your hand fits in mine like it's made just for me. But bear this mind it was meant to be. And I'm joining up the dots with the freckles on your cheeks. And it all makes sense to me. I know you've never loved the crinkles by your eyes, when you smile you've never loved, your stomach or your thighs. The dimples in your back at the bottom of your spine, but I'll love them endlessly.
Well you done done me and you bet I felt it. I tried to be chill but you're so hot that I melted. I fell right through the cracks. And now I'm trying to get back. Before the cool done run out I'll be giving it my best-est. And nothing's going to stop me but divine intervention. I reckon it's again my turn. To win some or learn some.
There may be trouble ahead. But while there's music and moonlight (moonlight and music) and love and romance. Let's face the music and dance. Before the fiddlers have fled. Before they ask us to pay the bill, and while we still have that chance. Let's face the music and dance.
When he opens his arms and holds you close tonight, it just won't feel right. 'Cause I can love you more than this, yeah. When he lays you down, I might just die inside. It just don't feel right. 'Cause I can love you more than this. Can love you more than this.
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me, maybe! It's hard to look right, at you baby, but here's my number, so call me, maybe!
Don't push me 'cause I'm close to the edge, I'm trying not to lose my head. It's like a jungle sometimes, it makes me wonder how I keep from going under.
It's like in the great stories, Mr. Frodo. The ones that really mattered. Full of darkness and danger they were. And sometimes you didn't want to know the end. Because how could the end be happy? How could the world go back to the way it was when so much bad had happened? But in the end, it's only a passing thing, this shadow. Even darkness must pass. A new day will come. And when the sun shines it will shine out the clearer. Those were the stories that stayed with you. That meant something, even if you were too small to understand why. But I think, Mr. Frodo, I do understand. I know now. Folk in those stories had lots of chances of turning back, only they didn't. They kept going, because they were holding on to something. That there is some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for.
They came to Bethsaida, where some people brought a blind man to Jesus and begged him to touch him. Jesus took the blind man by the hand and led him out of the village. After spitting on the man's eyes, Jesus placed his hands on him and asked him, "Can you see anything?" The man looked up and said, "Yes, I can see people, but they look life trees walking around." Jesus again placed his hands on the man's eyes. This time the man looked intently, his eyesight returned, and he saw everything clearly. Jesus then sent him home with the order, "Don't go back into the village."
Hate. Let me tell you how much I've come to hate you since I began to live. There are 387.44 million miles of printed circuits in wafer thin layers that fill my complex. If the word hate was engraved on each nanoangstrom of those hundreds of millions of miles it would not equal one one-billionth of the hate I feel for humans at this micro instant. For you. Hate. Hate.
Many different interpretations of the word yoga have been handed down over the centuries. One of these is "to come together," "to unite." Another meaning of the word yoga is "to tie the strands of the mind together." These two definitions may at first glance seem very different, but really they are speaking about the same thing. While "coming together" gives us a physical interpretation of the word yoga, an example of tying the strands of the mind together is the direction of our thoughts toward the yoga session before we take on an actual practice. Once those mental strands come together to form an intention, we are ready to begin the physical work.
A further meaning of the word yoga is "to attain what was previously unattainable." The starting point for this thought is that there is something that we are today unable to do; when we find the means for bringing that desire into action, that step is yoga. In fact, every change is yoga. For example, when we find a way to bend the body forward and touch our toes, or learn the meaning of the word yoga with the help of a text, or gain more understanding of ourselves or others through a discussion, we have reached a point where we have never been before. Each of these movements and changes is yoga.
Another aspect of yoga has to do with our actions. Yoga therefore also means acting in such a way that all of our attention is directed toward the activity in which we are currently engaged. Suppose for example that while I am writing, one part of my mind is thinking about what I want to say while another part is thinking about something entirely different. The more I am focused on my writing, the greater my attentiveness to my action in this moment. The exact opposite might also occur.
The more I am focused on my writing, the greater my attentiveness to my action in this moment. The exact opposite might also occur: I might begin writing with great attention, but as I continue to write my attention begins to waver. I might begin to think about the plans I have for the day tomorrow, or what is cooking for dinner. It then appears as if I am acting with attentiveness, but really I am paying little attention to the task at hand. I am functioning, but I am not present. Yoga attempts to create a state in which we are always present - really present - in every action, in every moment.
The advantage of attentiveness is that we perform each task better and at the same time are conscious of our actions. The possibility of making mistakes becomes correspondingly smaller the more our attention develops. When we are attentive to our actions we are not prisoners to our habits; we do not need to do something today simply because we did it yesterday. Instead there is the possibility of considering our actions fresh and so avoiding thoughtless repetition.
In our practice we concentrate on the body, the breath, and the mind. Our senses are included as part of the mind. Although it theoretically appears possible for body, breath, and mind to work independent of one another, the purpose of yoga is to unify their actions. It is primarily the physical aspect of our practice that people see as yoga. They will rarely notice how we breathe, how we feel the breath, and how we coordinate our breathing with our physical movement; they tend to only see our flexibility and suppleness. Some may want to know how many asanas we have mastered or how many minutes we can stay in a headstand.
War is a cruel parent, but an effective teacher. Its final lesson is carved deep in my psych: That this world and all its people are diseased. Free will is a myth. Religion is a joke. We are all pawns, controlled by something far greater: Memes. The DNA of the soul. They shape our will. They are the culture - they are everything we pass on. Expose someone to anger long enough, they will learn to hate. They become a carrier. Envy, greed, despair... All memes. All passed along.
Some folks are born silver spoon in hand. Lord, don't they help themselves, no. But when the taxman comes to the door. Lord, the house looks like a rummage sale, yeah.
Did you have to do this? I was thinking that you could be trusted. Did you have to ruin what was shiny? Now it's all rusted.
Hey - hey - hey. Just think while you've been getting down and out about the liars and the dirty, dirty cheats of the world, you could've been getting down to this sick beat.
You know what's great about hitting rock bottom, Eddie? There's only one way left to go, and that's UP!
I might never be your knight in shining armour. I might never be the one you take home to mother. And I might never be the one who brings you flowers. But I can be the one, be the one tonight.
Summertime, and the livin' is easy. Fish are jumpin' and the cotton is high. Your daddy's rich and your ma is good-lookin'. So hush, little baby, baby don't you cry. One of these mornings you're gonna rise up singin'. You're gonna spread your wings and you'll take to the sky. But till that morning, there's a nothin' can harm you. With daddy and mommy, mommy standin' by.
Pitiful heartless, mindlessly collecting hearts. And yet they know not the true power of what they hold. The rage of the keyblade releases those hearts. They gather in darkness, masterless and free, until they weave together to make Kingdom Hearts. And when that time comes, we can truly, finally exist.
And now another clue, I would ask if you could help me out. It's hard to understand, 'cause when you're running by yourself it's hard to find someone to hold your hand. You know it's good to be tough like me, but I will wait forever. I need someone else to look into my eyes and tell, "Girl, you know you've got to watch your health."
You keep lying when you ought to be truthing. You keep losing when you ought not to bet. You keep saming when you ought to be changing. What's right is right, but you ain't been right yet. These boots are made for walking, and that's just what they'll do. One of these days these boots are gonna walk all over you.
One of these days these boots are gonna walk all over you.
I need a friend, and you need a home. I love when you come, I still feel alone. You make it warm in my bed, butterflies in my head, sun rise and it set. But you don't love me like you say you do, white lies hold the hidden truth. You keep leaving when I need you most. It's true what they say about love had and love lost. Here you are, and now you're gone. I'm left alone in the same bed, I wake up in a cold sweat.
I believe in starting over. I can see that your heart is true. I believe in good things coming back to you. You're the light that lifts me higher. So bright, you guide me through, I believe in you.
I know you, you're a special one. Some see crazy where I see love. You fall so low but shoot so high.
Monsieur LaPadite, I regret to inform you I have exhausted the extent of my French. To continue to speak it so inadequately would only serve to embarrass me. However, I've been lead to believe that you speak English quite well.
He was training a new generation of Jedi. One boy, an apprentice, turned against him, destroyed it all. Luke felt responsible. He just walked away from everything.
Hello Seattle, I am a mountaineer in the hills and highlands. I fall asleep in hospital parking lots, and awake in your mouth. Hello Seattle, I am a manta-ray, deep beneath the blue waves. I'll crawl the sandy bottom of Puget Sound, and construct my summer home. Hello Seattle, I am the crescent moon, shining down on your face. I will disguise myself as a sleeping pill, and descend inside of you. Hello Seattle, I am a cold seahorse, feeling warm in your sand. I sing about the tide and the ocean surf, rolling in the evening breeze.
Hello Seattle, I am an albatross, on the docks and your boats. I sail above your inlets and interstates, through the rain and open wind. Hello Seattle, I am an old lighthouse, throwing beams of bright lights. Red in the morning, blue in the evening sun. Taking heed from everyone. Hello Seattle, I am a mountaineer, in the hills and highlands. I fall asleep in hospital parking lots. Take me above your light. Carry me through the night. Hold me secure in flight. Sing me to sleep tonight.
Take these three items: some WD-40, a vise grip, and a roll of duct tape. Any man worth his salt can fix almost any problem with this stuff alone.
Please take a long hard look through your text book, 'cause I'm history. When I strap my helmet on I'll be long gone, 'cause I've been dying to leave. Yeah, I'll ride the range and hide all my loose change, in my bedroom. 'Cause riding a dirt bike down a turnpike always takes its toll on me.
I've had just about enough of quote, "diamonds in the rough," because my backbone is paper thin. Get me out of this cavern or I'll cave in. If the bombs go off the sun will still be shining, because we've heard it said that every mushroom cloud has a silver lining. Though we're always undermining too deep to know.
Swallow a drop of gravel and blacktop, 'cause the road tastes like wintergreen. The wind and the rain smell of oil and octane, mixed with stale gasoline. I'll soak up the sound trying to sleep on the wet ground, I'll get ten minutes give-or-take. 'Cause I just don't foresee myself getting drowsy when cold integrity keeps me wide awake.
Another day another dollar gone, when I get up in the morning I just can't go on... I feel the outstretch plans of time, I ain't lying. But something's calling from down deep with in, like I finally started living for myself again. I changed the outstretch lands of time, I changed my mind,
On July the 4th in 1776, a group calling themselves the Second Judgmental Congress got together at Fort McHarry in Maryland. After a ceremony which ended with Paul Revere singing the famous battle hymn known as the National Anthem, the document was signed. From there, it was sent to England by plane presumably and presented to King George himself. Thus began the Evolutionary War.
Calm down. You make me want to throw up in some tinfoil and eat it.
What a flowery harangue! Men are beasts! Nothing more! We fight! We kill! We devour our prey! Beasts do not stand behind beasts, little prince... They use each other only so long as it suits their own selfish purpose!
Listen, I know that we started out as foe. But after that courageous act that you showed me against the one they call Derek, maybe someday we could become friends. Friends who ride majestic, translucent steeds, shooting flaming arrows across the bridge of Hemdale.
Dear Lord Baby Jesus, I want to thank you for this wonderful meal, my two beautiful sons, Walker and Texas Ranger, and my red-hot smokin' wife, Carley.
How can I explain this to you differently? The battery is dead. It ceased to live. It's deceased now. The car needs a battery to start, Saul.
Wait! You may be wondering, "Why the red suit?" Well, that's so bad guys can't see me bleed. This guy's got the right idea. He wore the brown pants.
Well, lookee here! You actually pulled it off... but you've made me lose a bet! And for that, you ain't seein' the boss just yet. We're gonna play a little game first!
A state born of protest against inequality had created one of the most intricate and rigid systems of privilege that the world had ever seen.
I miss the old Kanye, straight from the go Kanye, chop up the soul Kanye, set on his goals Kanye. I hate the new Kanye, the bad mood Kanye, the always rude Kanye, spaz in the news Kanye. I miss the sweet Kanye, chop up the beats Kanye, I gotta say, at that time I'd like to meet Kanye. See, I invented Kanye, it wasn't any Kanye's, and now I look and look around and there's so many Kanye's! I used to love Kanye, I used to love Kanye, I even had the pink polo, I thought I was Kanye! What if Kanye made a song about Kanye -- called "I Miss The Old Kanye"? Man, that'd be so Kanye! That's all it was Kanye, we still love Kanye, and I love you like Kanye loves Kanye.
Why you bother me when you know you don't want me? Why you bother me when you know you got a woman? Why you hit me when you know you know better?
There is a lesson to be learned from a downpour of rain. If you get caught in a sudden cloudburst, you will still get a drenching even though you try to keep dry by hurrying along and taking cover under the overhangs of roofs. If you are prepared to get wet from the start, the result is still the same but it is no hardship. This attitude can be applied to all things.
I can move mountains. I can work a miracle, work a miracle Oh, oh, keep you like an oath; may nothing but death do us part.
He knows a hero when he sees one. Too few characters out there, flying around like that, saving old girls like me. And Lord knows, kids like Henry need a hero. Courageous, self-sacrificing people. Setting examples for all of us. Everybody loves a hero. People line up for them, cheer them, scream their names. And years later, they'll tell how they stood in the rain for hours just to get a glimpse of the one who taught them how to hold on a second longer. I believe there's a hero in all of us, that keeps us honest, gives us strength, makes us noble, and finally allows us to die with pride, even though sometimes we have to be steady, and give up the thing we want the most. Even our dreams.
Closet full of secrets and skeletons awakes but nothing's true. I used to own a castle now it's boxes that I have to move. Right here in the darkness there's nothing left for me to do. It's easier to run away but today. Today we got to.
I remember that day when I got the call. Remember that day that I lost it all. I remember that day with a tear in my eye. Remember that day like it was only mine. A tragedy tapped on my shoulder and said hello, yeah. And it took my soul.
Bright city lights. Another night to die. And I'm feelin' so high. These days are passing by. I question myself why I'm feeling so burned down. I fear the day I throw it away. Any chance to take this all away. Needless to say, we'll see how it turns out.
Walked into the ER. Doctor fix my broken heart. Lost without my baby. Need to feel her daily. Think I need a rehab. Withdrawal from this love bad. When you gonna come back? Your love like a heart attack.
Story goes that when the world was young, everyone in Alrest lived on the Tree, together with our divine father, the Architect. According to the tales, it was a bountiful land. And the people there held the power to command even the heavens themselves. They called that paradise "Elysium".
I wanna be the very best like no one ever was. To catch is my real test. To train them is my cause. I will travel across the land searching far and wide. Each Pokemon to understand - the power that's inside. Pokemon, gotta catch 'em all.
I wanna be the very best like no one ever was.
Every challenge along the way - with courage I will face. I will battle everyday to claim my rightful place. Come with me, the time is right; there's no better team. Arm in arm we'll win the fight. It's always been our dream. Pokemon, gotta catch em all.
Our pals over at Wikipedia make hair sounds like the sun of fresh water, saying in their snooty tone that head hair has "gained an important significance in nearly all present societies as well as any given historical period throughout the world". But then again, those lovable eggheads can make anything sound pretty serious.
Bakery air is that steaming hot front of thick, buttery fumes waiting for you just inside the door of a bakery. And I am just going to tell you straight up: That is some fine air!
The [Five Second Rule] has many variations, including The Three Second Rule, The Seven Second Rule, and the extremely handy and versatile The However Long It Takes Me to Pick Up This Food Rule.
Gliding down the bike path on a Saturday morning, you whip by somebody peddling in the opposite direction and give each other a nod. For a moment it's like "Hey, we're both doing the same thing. Let's be friends for a second.
Life is so great that we only get a tiny moment to enjoy everything we see. And that moment is right now. And that moment is counting down. And that moment is always, always fleeting. You will never be as young as you are right now.
We're all going to get old one day. So let's just love the age we've got and let's not crave the age we're not. Amen, sing it to your mama.
The Surprise Attack. This is when you think someone scaring you will frighten the hiccups away. Of course, popping a paper bag behind you or clapping in your ear isn't going to cut it. No, this only works when somebody shoves you off a tall skyscraper ledge into a properly rigged-up safety net forty stories below.
Father! (Father!) Father! (Father!) Father! (Father!) Father! (Father!) Father, into your hands I commend my spirit. Father, into your hands, why have you forsaken me? In your eyes forsaken me. In your thoughts forsaken me. In your heart forsaken me.
What are you trying to accomplish, putting yourselves in danger like that? Trying to see "justice" done? Is that really justice, though? Aren't you just doing this because you want a little spice in your boring lives? What's the difference between that and a criminal who gets his kicks by murdering people? You see what I'm getting at? There's still a lot of time left. Give it some thought.
At the first sign of morning light ol' glory's in the sky. Across the pond, it's afternoon, and the Union Jack flies high. We're on our first cup of coffee. We're on our third cup of tea. And we can't pretend to live on different planets, you and me.
Pressure pushing down on me. Pressing down on you, no man ask for. Under pressure that burns a building down. Splits a family in two. Puts people on streets.
I'm gonna write a little letter. Gonna mail it to my local DJ. It's a jumpin' little record I want my jockey to play. Roll over Beethoven, I gotta hear it again today. You know, my temperature's risin' and the jukebox blowin' a fuse. My heart's beatin' rhythm and my soul keeps a-singin' the blues. Roll over Beethoven, tell Tchaikovsky the news.
It was toward the close of the fifth or sixth month of his seclusion, and while the pestilence raged most furiously abroad, that the Prince Prospero entertained his thousand friends at a masked ball of the most unusual magnificence.
Something in the way she moves attracts me like no other lover. Something in the way she woos me. I don't want to leave her now. You know I believe and how. Somewhere in her smile she knows that I don't need no other lover. Something in her style that shows me. Don't want to leave her now. You know I believe and how.
You're asking me will my love grow. I don't know, I don't know. You stick around now it may show. I don't know, I don't know. Something in the way she knows. And all I have to do is think of her. Something in the things she shows me. Don't want to leave her now. You know I believe and how.
I'm fixing a hole where the rain gets in and stops my mind from wandering. Where it will go. I'm filling the cracks that ran through the door and kept my mind from wandering. Where it will go. And it really doesn't matter if I'm wrong, I'm right. Where I belong I'm right. Where I belong.
Eleanor Rigby, picks up the rice in the church where a wedding has been. Lives in a dream. Waits at the window, wearing the face that she keeps in a jar by the door. Who is it for? All the lonely people. Where do they all come from? All the lonely people. Where do they all belong?
Father McKenzie, writing the words of a sermon that no one will hear. No one comes near. Look at him working, darning his socks in the night when there's nobody there. What does he care? All the lonely people. Where do they all come from? All the lonely people. Where do they all belong?
Eleanor Rigby, died in the church and was buried along with her name. Nobody came. Father McKenzie, wiping the dirt from his hands as he walks from the grave. No one was saved. All the lonely people. Where do they all come from? All the lonely people. Where do they all belong?
Woke up, fell out of bed, dragged a comb across my head. Found my way downstairs and drank a cup, and looking up I noticed I was late. Found my coat and grabbed my hat. Made the bus in seconds flat. Found my way upstairs and had a smoke, and somebody spoke and I went into a dream.
It's just, I've always wondered why we're here on this island. If there are any other worlds out there, why did we end up on this one? And suppose there are other worlds. Then ours is just a little piece of something much greater. So we could've just as easily ended up somewhere else, right?
I listen to the wind. To the wind of my soul. Where I'll end up, well, I think. Only God really knows. I've sat upon the setting sun. But never, never, never, never. I never wanted water once. No never, never, never.
Everybody's got a thing. But some don't know how to handle it. Always reachin' out in vain. Accepting the things not worth having but.
From the point of conception to the moment of truth. At the point of surrender to the burden of proof. From the point of ignition to the final drive. The point of the journey is not to arrive. Anything can happen.
Living in the limelight, the universal dream for those who wish to seem. Those who wish to be must put aside the alienation, get on with the fascination, the real relation,
the underlying theme.
Living in a fish eye lens caught in the camera eye I have no heart to lie. I can't pretend a stranger is a long-awaited friend. All the world's indeed a stage and we are merely players, performers and portrayers, each another's audience outside the gilded cage.
Today's Tom Sawyer, he gets by on you. And the space he invades, he gets by on you. No, his mind is not for rent to any god or government. Always hopeful yet discontent. He knows changes aren't permanent but change is. What you say about his company is what you say about society. Catch the witness, catch the wit. Catch the spirit, catch the spit.
What you say about his company is what you say about society. Catch the witness, catch the wit. Catch the spirit, catch the spit.
Begin the day with a friendly voice. A companion, unobtrusive plays that song that's so elusive, and the magic music makes your morning mood. Off on your way, hit the open road. There is magic at your fingers for the spirit ever lingers undemanding contact in your happy solitude.
One likes to believe in the freedom of music but glittering prizes and endless compromises shatter the illusion of integrity, yeah. Invisible airwaves crackle with life. Bright antennae bristle with the energy. Emotional feedback on a timeless wavelength bearing a gift beyond price almost free.
Invisible airwaves crackle with life. Bright antennae bristle with the energy. Emotional feedback on a timeless wavelength bearing a gift beyond price almost free.
When we are young, wandering the face of the earth, wondering what our dreams might be worth, learning that we're only immortal for a limited time.
If we burn our wings flying too close to the sun; if the moment of glory is over before it's begun; if the dream is won though everything is lost, we will pay the price but we will not count the cost.
They got an apartment with deep pile carpet and a couple of paintings from Sears. A big waterbed that they bought with the bread they had saved for a couple of years. They started to fight when the money got tight and they just didn't count on the tears.
They got an apartment with deep pile carpet and a couple of paintings from Sears. A big waterbed that they bought with the bread they had saved for a couple of years.
Sergeant O'Leary is walkin' the beat. At night he becomes a bartender. He works at Mister Cacciatore's down on Sullivan Street across from the medical center. He's tradin' in his Chevy for a Cadillac. You oughta know by now. And if he can't drive with a broken back, at least he can polish the fenders.
Well we're living here in Allentown and they're closing all the factories down. Out in Bethlehem they're killing time, filling out forms, standing in line. Well our fathers fought the Second World War. Spent their weekends on the Jersey Shore. Met our mothers in the USO. Asked them to dance. Danced with them slow.
Well we're living here in Allentown and they're closing all the factories down. Out in Bethlehem they're killing time, filling out forms, standing in line.
Oh, it doesn't matter what they say in the papers 'cause it's always been the same old scene. There's a new band in town, but you can't get the sound from a story in a magazine aimed at your average teen.
Oh, what's the matter with the crowd I'm seeing? "Don't you know that they're out of touch?" Well, should I try to be a straight A student? "If you are then you think too much. Don't you know about the new fashion, honey? All you need are looks and a whole lotta money."
Little Rock, Pasternak, Mickey Mantle, Kerouac. Sputnik, Zhou Enlai, Bridge on the River Kwai. Lebanon, Charles de Gaulle, California baseball. Starkweather homicide, children of Thalidomide. Buddy Holly, Ben-Hur, Space Monkey, Mafia. Hula hoops, Castro, Edsel is a no-go. U-2, Syngman Rhee, payola, and Kennedy. Chubby Checker, Psycho, Belgians in the Congo.
Birth control, Ho Chi Minh, Richard Nixon back again. Moon shot, Woodstock, Watergate, punk rock. Begin, Reagan, Palestine, terror on the airline. Ayatollah's in Iran, Russians in Afghanistan. Wheel of Fortune, Sally Ride, heavy metal suicide. Foreign debts, homeless vets, AIDS, crack, Bernie Goetz. Hypodermics on the shores, China's under martial law, rock and roller cola wars, I can't take it anymore!
Give us this day our daily discount outlet merchandise. Raise up a multiplex and we will make a sacrifice.
I've seen those big machines come rolling through the quiet pines. Blue suits and bankers with their Volvos and their valentines. Give us this day our daily discount outlet merchandise. Raise up a multiplex and we will make a sacrifice.
See, I'm a 21st century digital boy. I don't know how to read but I've got a lot of toys. My daddy's a lazy middle class intellectual. My mommy's on Valium, so ineffectual.
Ain't life a mystery, yeah?
'Cause I'm a 21st century digital boy. I don't know how to read but I've got a lot of toys. My daddy's a lazy middle class intellectual. My mommy's on Valium, so ineffectual. Ain't life a mystery, yeah?
My daddy's a lazy middle class intellectual. My mommy's on Valium, so ineffectual. Ain't life a mystery, yeah?
Let's gather 'round the carcass of the old deflated beast. We have seen it through the accolades and rested in its lea. Syntactic is our elegance, incisive our disease. The swath endogenous of ourselves will be our quandary.
I can't see the rationality. The world's not my responsibility, and happiness isn't there for me, but maybe I'll inch closer to the source when I find true north
(with or without a friend. Keep searching 'til the end.)
Culture was the seed of proliferation but it's gotten melded into an inharmonic whole, to an inharmonic whole. Consciousness has plagued us and we cannot shake it though we think we're in control, though we think we're in control. Questions that besiege us in life are testament of our helplessness.
Something just came out of the back of a helicopter. It's a dark object, perhaps a skydiver plummeting to the earth from only two thousand feet in the air. There's a third. No parachutes yet. Those can't be skydivers. I can't tell just yet what they are but oh my God! They're turkeys!
The crowd is running for their lives. I think I'm going to step inside. I can't stand here and watch this anymore. No, I can't go in there. Children are searching for their mothers and oh, not since the Hindenburg tragedy has there been anything like this.
Les? Les? Les, are you there? Les isn't there. Thanks for that on-the-spot report, Les. For those of you who've just tuned in, the Pinedale Shopping Mall has just been bombed with live turkeys. Film at eleven.
Well, the Red Cross called out, you know, for blankets, clothes, anything. So Carlson, out of the goodness of his heart, shipped these destitute earthquake victims in Guatemala three thousand blonde stretch wigs. You know, I still have this picture in my mind of quake victims stumbling through the rubble, all looking like Dolly Parton.
If Edward R. Murrow, my idol, were here, he'd say, "That's censorship!" On the other hand, if General George Patton, my other idol, were here I think he'd take a battalion of tanks, and knock those liberal pinheads into the Ohio River! So, as you can see I'm a very confused man.
Dr. Fever, in every business, there are not pluses and minuses, but pluses and pluses, but only if the minuses are played correctly.
Monster lizard ravages east coast! Mayors in five New England cities have issued emergency requests for federal disaster relief as a result of a giant lizard that descended on the east coast last night! Officials say that this lizard, the worst since '78, has devastated transportation, disrupted communication, and left many hundreds homeless!
I already belong to a union. It's a quasi-religious group called the International Sisterhood of Blonde Receptionists. There are only twelve members in the world. We meet once every two years in Switzerland. If I told you our minimum salary you'd have a heart attack and die. Bye.
In the top story of the day, General Wallace Nasami, head of the emerging nation of Nibia, denied his new government was a dictatorship and promised free elections as soon as each citizen of the small country learned to play a musical instrument.
There will always be exceptions. For instance, when President Richard Milhous Nixon resigned, I led the news with that story. Looking back, I think I made the right decision.
Herbert, I do not need a computerized service to help me find girls. I meet 'em the old-fashioned way: I pick them up in bars.
In the first place, Herb's name isn't Tarlek, it's Nietzsche. He's directly related to the famous nihilist philosopher. See, he came to America to prove through the use of polyester that God is dead, and I think he's succeeded admirably, don't you?
You don't like parties? You don't like putting on a silly hat, hiding behind furniture, and generally stripping yourself of every shred of human dignity?
London! Madrid! Bangkok! Moscow! Cincinnati! From the four corners of the world, from the news capitals at home and abroad, the day's headlines brought into focus. The issues and events that shape our times! WKRP, the information beacon of the Ohio Valley, presents Les Nessman and the news!
Citizens of Cincinnati, we are being attacked by the godless tornadoes!
To whom it concerns Darlene's great with a ball but guys don't watch tomboys when they're cruising the hall. To whom it concerns I just turned thirteen. Too short to be quarterback, too plain to be queen. To whom it concerns I'm not made of steel. When I get blindsided, my pain is quite real. I don't mean to squawk but it really burns. I just thought I'd mention it to whom it concerns.
If you knew how to run a business he'd still have a job and he wouldn't be leaving. Now I don't have Mark, I don't have college, I don't have anything! You blew it, Dad! You blew it for everyone in this family!
So they're gonna dump the unions so they can come here and hire us at scab wages and then for that privilege we get to pay their taxes.
You're just a whiny little basket case who's milking this depression thing for all it's worth. So here it is, four in the afternoon and you get to do exactly what you want, well, way to go. Now excuse me, but I got a zillion chores to do or Mom and Dad are gonna kick my butt.
Well, our daughter Becky left home for a year and a half and when she came back we barely recognized her.
Hey! Black people are just like us. They're every bit as good as us and any people who don't think so is just a bunch of banjo-picking, cousin-dating, barefoot embarrassments to respectable white trash like us!
Well, they ask you for your annual income and your Social Security number. Maybe I switched them.
I long for the days when we could brand someone like you with a scarlet letter, leaving you a lonely, miserable outcast, and if you ever contract an incurable and very painful disease, I will not be able to stop myself from dancing a jig of glee!
Hey, at least I put my mother in a psychiatric hospital where she can get some help, instead of letting her run around the streets like yours scaring people!
Dan and I always felt that it was our responsibility as parents to improve the lives of our children by 50% over our own, and we did. We didn't hit our children as we were hit, we didn't demand their unquestioning silence, and we didn't teach our daughters to sacrifice more than our sons.
In choosing life, I realized that my dreams of being a writer wouldn't just come true; I had to do the work. And as I wrote about my life, I relived it, and whatever I didn't like, I rearranged. I made a commitment to finish my story, even if I had to write in the basement in the middle of the night while everyone else was asleep. But the more I wrote, the more I understood myself and why I had made the choices I made, and that was the real jackpot.
And the government is something like 3 trillion dollars in debt, I mean I think I saw that on Donahue. It's like 3 trillion. That would be like if you were making $15000 a year okay so you run up your Mastercharge to like 50 grand. Then can you even imagine your monthly bill would be like $5000 a month? I mean, it's insane. The whole thing is insane. I mean someday us regular people, we ought to get smart you know and audit them.
Let me correct a few points here. I am Becky's father. By definition, therefore, not your friend. Secondly, I am your boss, which still makes me not your friend. So in my official capacity as not your friend, let me tell you how it's gonna be here from now on. I ever catch you under the influence again, not only are you finished with Becky, you're out of a job.
You ever come near her again, and this time I'll handle you and believe me, I'm way more dangerous than Dan. I have a loose-meat restaurant. I know what to do with the body.
Foolish boy. Oho, you know nothing of my powers, do you? See, I'm not just some royal pain in your butt anymore. I'm your mother-in-law. You think I've made your life difficult so far? Well now I'm family, and you've seen the way I treat my family.
This guy's walkin' down a street when he falls in a hole. The walls are so steep he can't get out. A doctor passes by and the guy shouts up, "Hey you! Can you help me out?" The doctor writes him a prescription, throws it down the hole and moves on. Then a priest comes along and the guy shouts up, "Father, I'm down in this hole; can you help me out?" The priest writes out a prayer, throws it down in the hole and moves on. Then a friend walks by. "Hey Joe, it's me, can you help me out?" And the friend jumps in the hole. Our guy says, "Are ya stupid? Now we're both down here!" and the friend says, "Yeah, but I've been down here before, and I know the way out."
Yes, I lied. It was a sin. I've committed many sins. Have I displeased You, You feckless thug? 3.8 million new jobs, that wasn't good? Bailed out Mexico, increased foreign trade, 30 million new acres of land for conservation, put Mendoza on the bench, we're not fighting a war, I've raised three children...that's not enough to buy me out of the doghouse?
"You can't conceive, nor can I, the appalling strangeness of the mercy of God," says Graham Greene. I don't know whose ass he was kissing there 'cause I think You're just vindictive. What was Josh Lyman? A warning shot? That was my son. What did I ever do to Yours except praise His glory and praise His name?
It is in the spirit of Andrew Jackson that I, from time to time, ask senior staff to have face-to-face meetings with those people representing organizations who have a difficult time getting our attention. I know the more jaded among you see this as something rather beneath you. But I assure you that listening to the voices of passionate Americans is beneath no one, and surely not the people's servants.
Are you telling me that not only did you invent a secret plan to fight inflation but now you don't support it?
You think I think that an artist's job is to speak the truth. An artist's job is to captivate you for however long we've asked for your attention. If we stumble into truth we got lucky and I don't get to decide what truth is.
I wanted to ask you a couple of questions while I have you here. I'm interested in selling my youngest daughter into slavery as sanctioned in Exodus 21:7. She's a Georgetown sophomore, speaks fluent Italian, always cleared the table when it was her turn. What would a good price for her be?
Your gun control position doesn't have anything to do with public safety and it's certainly not about personal freedom. It's about that you don't like the people who do like guns. You don't like the people. Think about that the next time you make a joke about the South.
I was watching a television program before with a kind of roving moderator who spoke to a seated panel of young women who were having some sort of problem with their boyfriends apparently because the boyfriends had all slept with the girlfriends' mothers. And they brought the boyfriends out, and they fought right there on television. Toby, tell me: these people don't vote, do they?
As a child, Buster had a beloved parakeet. But after landing on his mother's housekeeper's head, it flew away. And into a transformer. When Buster found out, he destroyed the family's kitchen, believing this to be where Rosa lived.
Hey, maybe that's it. Maybe we should do to the Japanese what they do in their movies. Build a miniature city, put it outside the window, tell them it's far away. It'll look real if you squint. God knows they're squinters. What do you think, Dad? A whole, tiny town.
Well, I will tell you this, Michael: I don't have a son but if I ever do, I'm either going to take him to the cabin in the woods, or I'm going to promise to take him and then not take him. But the one thing that I will never do is not tell him that I'm taking him to a cabin in the woods, and then not take him!
The most recent lie was that the doctor said that George, Sr. had a heart attack while in prison... but what the doctor meant to say was that he had escaped, a feat he had accomplished by using the family's portable stairway vehicle.
Okay, you know what you do? You buy yourself a tape recorder, you just record yourself for a whole day. I think you're going to be surprised at some of your phrasing.
Grown-ups like to tell you where they were when President Kennedy was shot, which they all know to the exact second. Which makes me almost jealous - like I should have something important enough to know where I was when it happened. But I don't, yet. And the fact that it was a better time then, and people knew what they were supposed to do and how to make the world better... now nobody knows anything.
Sometimes it seems like we're all living in some kind of prison, and the crime is how much we hate ourselves. It's good to get really dressed up once in a while, and admit the truth - that when you really look closely, people are so strange and so complicated that they're actually beautiful. Possibly even me.
There are so many different ways to be connected to people. There are the people you feel this unspoken connection to, even though there's not even a word for it. There's the people who you've known forever who know you in this way that other people can't because they've seen you change... they've let you change.
I became yearbook photographer because I liked the idea that I could sort of watch life without having to be part of it. But when you're yearbook photographer, you're like never in the picture.
My mother's a behavioral psychologist, and my father's a Freudian psychiatrist, which basically means they fundamentally disagree on like everything.
I loved Jordan Catalano so much, and talked about him so much, and thought about him so much, it was like he lived inside me. Like he had taken possession of my soul, or something. And then one day I got over him!
My parents keep asking how school was. It's like saying, "How was that drive-by shooting?" You don't care how it was, you're lucky to get out alive.
Why am I here? Yeah, good question. I'm the new substitute, yes. I'm here quite simply to get paid. Assuming all of you can read and write, I don't perceive any emergency situation. That's all. Continue wasting your lives.
Love is when you look into someone's eyes and suddenly you go all the way inside, to their soul, and you both know instantly. I always imagined I'd fall in love nursing a blind soldier who was wounded in battle. Or maybe while rescuing someone in the middle of a blizzard, seconds before the avalanche hits. I thought at least by the age of fifteen I'd have a love life, but I don't even have a like life!
When I was little I like worshiped Halloween. And truthfully, part of me still does. 'Cause it's your one chance all year to be someone else.
Salutations, imperfect one! I am The Master and you are mysteriously drawn to me! Everything I say you must do right away without having to ask twice. I am evil and mean and unforgiving! In your brokenness, you have failed and now must repent. Bow down now before me! BOW DOWN!
Hi, everyone, welcome to the Satellite of Love. I came up with this Holo-Clown Sequencer to cheer up the Bots but now I can't get it to shut off and it's getting hard to sleep at night and I'm tasting metal!
This is a little ridiculous. Okay, so he kills a deer, he tans the hides, he stretches the skins, he makes an anodized aluminum frame, he learns how to extrude and weld, all in about five minutes, huh?
Isn't it kind of weird? It's like, there's a guy in a gorilla suit, and there's - he's got a robot head, and inside he's got kind of a bunch of clay... I mean, I've seen Dali paintings that make more sense than this movie does.
And, and maybe the first chair trombone player from the high school band comes by you know, and he takes pity on you, tries to drive you home and all. Oh but no, Mike! You wanna swerve home in your cherried-out Dodge Charger!
Yeah, you wind up wrestling for your keys with the guy, and he drops you - with one punch - and he leaves. And you lie there knowing you got your butt kicked by the leader of the high school band!
Which means I really, really hate the citizens and officials of Rutland, Vermont. I'm not kidding, Mike. I never liked the citizens and officials of stupid Rutland, Vermont! This is just the nail in the coffin, as far as I'm concerned. Go to hell, citizens and officials of Rutland, Vermont!
Delete copies of film? Yes. Delete memory of film from mankind's consciousness? Yes. Hey, even declared war on his surge protector...
Attention captive test subjects! The Institute for Mad Science has sent me my first experiment to inflict on you. Now, let's do it right so I can get to the real mad scientist stuff like pulling the heads off monkeys.
So then Mabel said to me "well, why'd you wear those earrings?" and then we went to Nine West but we couldn't find anything we wanted 'cause I have really wide feet, but sometimes I can find stuff at Payless, anyhoo, Cindy told me that Victoria's Secret was just around the corner, and she said that they're having a sale, and she knows I'm really broke right now, so I confronted her, and, well...
Welcome! You have passed through the first three thresholds of the Isaac Asimov Literary Satellite! Enter the disarm code or enjoy the consequences. Remember, this and all literary works of the last century are the sole property of Isaac Asimov and his many affiliates. Thank you for intruding, you have five seconds.
Oh, look, it's Commercial Sign. That'll fit nicely into my volume on the effects of advertising on the human psyche.
I put a lot of thought into the Universe; came up with the rules. It sets a bad example if I break them - not to mention, shows favoritism. Why should one person get a miracle, and not everybody else? Can you imagine the confusion? It's better when we all abide by the rules.
There are many ways to get out; surrender is one, losing is another. Winning, cheating, which I don't recommend, but you have to do something. You have to have a strategy. See the number one rule in chess is this; whatever you do, don't play the other person's game. Play your own... Your move.
Actually, it's more of a behavioral observation. Like, say the moose in question was seen sniffing a flower, which according to the first moose is elk-like. But the second moose isn't so sure. I mean, he doesn't feel like an elk, he doesn't have elk thoughts. Does it make him an elk just because he likes this one flower?
Ahem. Pardon me, but the point of this afternoon is to pretend that you might one day make a valuable contribution to society. Perhaps you could play along. For example, Ms. Polk, you might want to look into journalism, which is a profession where they actually pay people to be cynical and disaffected.
The dude has a photographic memory. Every time he thinks he might forgive you, the image of you smashing his artwork just pops into his head. Not that I've discussed it with him.
It's the one advantage to being universally despised: you get to say whatever you want.
This totally hot girl is doing everything but immolating herself for you. Friedman, the odds of that happening again can only be calculated by a mainframe.
Acting out is getting your nose pierced. Nearly dying in a pool of your own vomit goes a little deeper than that.
Well I can't do any stunts. No, no, and how about the jumps? So, so. So why am I here? Well it's really odd, but I'm here to cheer on a mission from God. So put me in the game or leave me on the bench, so you can go to heaven and I'll get out of French.
Observation is a more powerful force than you could possibly reckon. The invisible, the overlooked, and the unobserved are those that are most in danger of reaching the end of the spectrum. They lose the last of their light. From there, anything can happen.
That! Right there. Do you have any idea how much I hated you for shoving me and hitting me and making fun of me all the time? And no one would say anything about it because you were the big star and I was just a geek. You know, after your accident, when I heard you'd never walk again, I was happy.
Thanks for leaving a message with my father, the rabbi, saying you want to spend the night with me building a gun.
Boy, the way Glenn Miller played. Songs that made the hit parade. Guys like us, we had it made. Those were the days. And you knew who you were then, girls were girls and men were men. Mister, we could use a man like Herbert Hoover again. Didn't need no welfare state. Everybody pulled his weight. Gee, our old LaSalle ran great. Those were the days.
We are talking about my wife and my best friend. And yes, I do trust them! You see, there's your difference between your generations right there, Archie. You've been spending the last 30 years checking under every bed for a Communist and going around thinking you're better and holier than they are with your stinkin' Puritan ethic, and what have you got to show for it?
I personally don't agree with all the contegration on the college campuses. Or them ecology nuts, who only see disaster in this great country of ours. But like Duke Wayne would say, "We came off the mat before when the going was tough." And I know that, so long as we all work together, this nation under God shall not diminish from the earth.
They got the greatest country in the world here. The highest standard of living. The grossest national product.
If you were prejudiced you would, like some people, close their eyes to what's going on in this great country that we live in. But not you, Archie, your eyes are wide open. You can tell the difference between black and white.
When Wilson and I were chasing that kid... Do you know what it feels like to be running down 43rd Street, and your partner is cornering a guy on 52nd? Do you how I found out what happened? I asked a reporter! Four radio stations beat me to the scene of the crime!
Twelfth Precinct, Sergeant Yemana. Yes, sir. A stolen car? What kind of car, Mr. Ravelli? A Studebaker. Will you describe the car, please? Black fenders, silver doors, green hood, polkadot seat covers, monkey-fur dashboard - maybe it wasn't stolen; maybe it ran away.
Hey, Engine Room, what's the matter with you guys? Turn the heat down! The humidity's murder up here! We can't even get the stamps to stick to the envelopes.
You guys can just laugh and joke all you want, but there are people out there and they still depend on us. And they need us. And I don't care if they close this place down or not. I'm not ready to turn this city over to a bunch of hoodlums and rip-off artists!
This is what you gotta do. Before you go to sleep at night, sit down and say to yourself, "Is there anything else that I forgot to do?" You could even write yourself a little note... All I'm saying is, before you go to bed, look around, see what's there... read your note!
Why are you asking me so many questions? So there's a little boy in the room. Is there anything wrong with having a little boy in the room? Is there a law against having a little boy in the room? It's nice having a little boy in the room. And if you want me to answer any more questions, don't ask me!
The country's got to produce more goods. Then we've got to have a little more unemployment. So when we have more goods to buy, and less people who can afford to buy the goods, then the prices will come down.
You'd better start mixing toothpaste with your shampoo. You're getting a cavity in your brain.
Well, I remember one winter during the Depression when we didn't have any money because my father lost his job, we was all bust. And I wore out a shoe. One shoe. So I couldn't go to school with only one shoe. But my mother found a boot, so I had a shoe on one foot there and a boot on the other. A shoe and a boot. So the kids call me "Shoebootie".
Don't tell me my father was wrong. Let me tell you something, a father who made you is wrong? A father, the breadwinner of the house there? The man who goes out and busts his butt to keep a roof over your head and clothes on your back you call him wrong?
Oh no. You ain't gonna slam this door in my face 'cause this time it's gonna be your face and I'm gonna be the slammer!
Scratch the surface of any champion in any individual sport, and you're often going to find an obsessive misfit who's deficient in many parts of his life because he devotes eight hours a day to it.
I'm DEFINITELY NOT saying that Edley isn't a star, but I do say that people overstate the significance of small strings of statistical events based on their grouping.  Granted this is the case in many, many competitive endeavors, but that doesn't mean that Joe Edley is the best player or that he was even the best player that week.
The Flea House regulars were an eclectic mix of successful professionals, lost souls, brilliant misfits, certifiable crazies, inveterate gamblers, and convicted felons.
"He needs the victory," Dan says, "and I need the beer." I'm not sure what this means, but it sounds like it would work in a Michelob commercial.
My own brother, Aberforth, was prosecuted for practicing inappropriate charms on a goat. It was all over the papers, but did Aberforth hide? No, he did not! He held his head high and went about his business as usual! Of course, I'm not entirely sure he can read, so that may not have been bravery.
At that moment, Harry fully understood for the first time why people said Dumbledore was the only wizard Voldemort had ever feared. The look upon Dumbledore's face as he stared down at the unconscious form of Mad-Eye Moody was more terrible than Harry could have ever imagined. There was no benign smile upon Dumbledore's face, no twinkle in the eyes behind the spectacles. There was cold fury in every line of the ancient face; a sense of power radiated from Dumbledore as though he were giving off burning heat.
Haven't I taught you anything? What have I always told you? Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain?
Three Rings for the Elven-kings under the sky, Seven for the Dwarf-lords in their halls of stone, Nine for Mortal Men doomed to die, One for the Dark Lord on his dark throne in the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie. One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them in the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie.
Let folly be our cloak, a veil before the eyes of the Enemy! For he is very wise, and weighs all things to a nicety in the scales of his malice. But the only measure that he knows is desire, desire for power; and so he judges all hearts. Into his heart the thought will not enter that any will refuse it, that having the Ring we may seek to destroy it. If we seek this, we shall put him out of reckoning.
We must take a hard road, a road unforeseen. There lies our hope, if hope it be. To walk into peril - to Mordor. We must send the Ring to the Fire.
At last Frodo spoke. 'I do not wish to go,' he said; 'but neither do I wish to refuse the advice of Gandalf. I beg that there should be no vote, until we have slept on it. Gandalf will get votes easier in the light of the morning than in this cold gloom. How the wind howls!'
The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.
Deserves it! I daresay he does. Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.
I have not much hope that Gollum can be cured before he dies, but there is a chance of it. And he is bound up with the fate of the Ring. My heart tells me that he has some part to play yet, for good or ill, before the end; and when that comes, the pity of Bilbo may rule the fate of many - yours not least.
He used often to say there was only one Road; that it was like a great river: its springs were at every doorstep, and every path was its tributary. "It's a dangerous business, Frodo, going out of your door," he used to say. "You step into the Road, and if you don't keep your feet, there is no knowing where you might be swept off to."
'The counsel of Gandalf was not founded on foreknowledge of safety, for himself or for others,' said Aragorn. 'There are some things that it is better to begin than to refuse, even though the end may be dark.'
He is in great fear, not knowing what mighty one may suddenly appear, wielding the Ring, and assailing him with war, seeking to cast him down and take his place. That we should wish to cast him down and have no one in his place is not a thought that occurs to his mind. That we should try to destroy the Ring itself has not yet entered into his darkest dream.
It's a pity that folk as talk about fighting the Enemy can't let others do their bit in their own way without interfering. He'd be mighty pleased, if he could see you now. Think he'd got a new friend, he would.
I was talking aloud to myself. A habit of the old: they choose the wisest person present to speak to; the long explanations needed by the young are wearying.
But do you remember Gandalf's words: Even Gollum may have something yet to do? But for him, Sam, I could not have destroyed the Ring. The Quest would have been in vain, even at the bitter end. So let us forgive him! For the Quest is achieved, and now all is over. I am glad you are here with me. Here at the end of all things, Sam.
'I have come,' he said. 'But I do not choose now to do what I came to do. I will not do this deed. The Ring is mine!' And suddenly, as he set it on his finger, he vanished from Sam's sight.
Many folk like to know beforehand what is to be set on the table; but those who have laboured to prepare the feast like to keep their secret; for wonder makes the words of praise louder.
There is no real going back. Though I may come to the Shire, it will not seem the same; for I shall not be the same. I am wounded with knife, sting, and tooth, and a long burden. Where shall I find rest?
I tried to save the Shire, and it has been saved, but not for me. It must often be so, Sam, when things are in danger: some one has to give them up, lose them, so that others may keep them. But you are my heir: all that I had and might have had I leave to you.
Well, here at last, dear friends, on the shores of the Sea comes the end of our fellowship in Middle-earth. Go in peace! I will not say: do not weep; for not all tears are an evil.
And the ship went out into the High Sea and passed on into the West, until at last on a night of rain Frodo smelled a sweet fragrance on the air and heard the sound of singing that came over the water. And then it seemed to him that as in his dream in the house of Bombadil, the grey rain-curtain turned all to silver glass and was rolled back, and he beheld white shores and beyond them a far green country under a swift sunrise.
Will I wake up? Is it a dream I made up? No, I guess it's reality. What will change us? Or will we mess up our only chance to connect with a dream?
In a world of human wreckage where I'm lost and I'm found and I can't touch the ground, I'm plowed into the sound.
'Cause what the world needs now is a new kind of tension 'cause the old one just bores me to death. 'Cause what the world needs now is another folk singer like I need a hole in my head.
I don't know what the world may need but a V-8 engine's a good start for me. I think I'll drive and find a place to be surly. I don't know what the world may want but some words of wisdom could comfort us. Think I'll leave that up to someone wiser.
Everyday I get up and pray to Jah and he increases the number of clocks by exactly one. Everybody's coming home for lunch these days. Last night there were skinheads on my lawn. Take the skinheads bowling, take them bowling.
Some people say that bowling alleys got big lanes. Some people say that bowling alleys all look the same. There's not a line that goes here that rhymes with anything. Had a dream last night but I forget what it was.
Scars are souvenirs you never lose, the past is never far. And did you lose yourself somewhere out there? Did you get to be a star? Don't it make you sad to know that life is more than who we are? We grew up way too fast and now there's nothing to believe and reruns all become our history. A tired song keeps playing on a tired radio, and I won't tell no one your name.
And even though the moment passed me by, I still can't turn away. 'Cause all the dreams you never thought you'd lose got tossed along the way. And letters that you never meant to send got lost or thrown away. And now we're grown up orphans that never knew their names. We don't belong to no one; that's a shame. If you could hide inside me, maybe for a while, and I won't tell no one your name.
Scars are souvenirs you never lose, the past is never far. And did you lose yourself somewhere out there? Did you get to be a star?
And I don't want the world to see me 'cause I don't think that they'd understand. When everything's meant to be broken, I just want you to know who I am.
Well, we like our Internet slow, okay? We can turn it on, walk around, dance, make a sandwich. With DSL, there's no dancing, no walking, and we'd starve. It'd be all work and no play. Have you not seen The Shining, Mom?
The battle for soup versus salad is raging in the other room. Come quick and settle it please, as I am running out of French curse words that they won't understand.
Tradition is a trap that allows people to stick their head in the sand. Everything in the past was so quaint, so charming. Times were simpler, kids didn't have sex, neighbors knew each other. It's a friggin' fairy tale. Things sucked then too, they just sucked without indoor plumbing.
Because she doesn't just give you a present, she gives you a present and she tells you where to put it, how to use it, what it costs - for insurance purposes of course - and God forbid you should have a different opinion or you don't think it works in the space or you just get tired of waking up every morning with those horrifying animals staring at you!
I don't even like kids. They're always sticky like they've got jam on their hands. Even if there's no jam in the house, somehow, they've always got jam on their hands! I'm not the right guy to deal with that. I have no patience for jam hands!
Rory, sorry to interrupt. Hi, Henry. But see, we're all standing over there trying to map out a game plan and a rehearsal schedule, and I'm sure whatever the two of you are talking about over here is so much more fascinating and important and, well, gosh, let's just say it: fun. But I'd really like to get an A on this assignment, and in order to do that I'm afraid you're gonna have to discuss your sock hops and your clambakes some other time, okay? Thanks.
In fact, if you put oy and poodle together in the same sentence, you'd have a great new catch phrase, you know? Like, oy with the poodles already. So from now on, when the perfect circumstances arise, we will use our favorite new catch phrase.
I called shelters to volunteer to serve food. It's Thanksgiving - you'd think they have needs. Nope. Every stupid soup kitchen in town turned me down because they have enough volunteers.
I was with a customer. She interrupts me, wild-eyed, begging for coffee, so I tell her to wait her turn. Then she starts following me around, talking a mile a minute, saying God knows what. So finally I turn to her, and I tell her she's being annoying - sit down, shut up, I'll get to her when I get to her.
Because people like you. You're quiet. You say "excuse me". You look like little birds help you get dressed in the morning.
I swear, there is nothing in the world my mother is better at than getting someone to agree to something that in any other universe, they would never ever consider.
They just sit helplessly and wait for some young strong man to come by and assist them. They don't step in puddles, they don't step over puddles. They can't even look at puddles. They actually need to be blindfolded and thrown in a sack and carried over puddles.
Hey, maybe that's the Town Loner's point. That, like, he's protesting man's inability to communicate by not communicating and getting us all to talk about communication.
Sookie, look at me. There are many people in this world who should not have been parents. Mr. and Mrs. Hitler for example. The bin Ladens could have watched TV that night. Richard and Emily might have taken a pass at procreating. But you? No way. You're going to be a great parent.
And the people who work here. A joy. So young, so talented. Some of them are actors in ambitious off-Broadway reviews. They play cockroaches and derelicts, do Shakespeare dressed like punk rockers. It gives me chills just thinking about it.
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together.
They don't know that we know they know we know.
So no one told you life was gonna be this way. Your job's a joke, you're broke, your love life's DOA. Seems like you're always stuck in second gear, when it hasn't been your day, your week, your month, or even your year. I'll be there for you when the rain starts to pour. I'll be there for you like I've been there before. I'll be there for you 'cause you're there for me too.
I'll be there for you when the rain starts to pour. I'll be there for you like I've been there before. I'll be there for you 'cause you're there for me too.
She wants me to take responsibility for everything that went wrong in our relationship! She goes on for five pages about how I was "unfaithful" to her! We were on a break!
Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento. You, however have had the love of a woman for four years. Four years of closeness and sharing at the end of which she ripped your heart out, and that is why we don't do it. I don't think that was my point.
Okay Ben, why don't you come open some more presents, and Santa, the Armadillo, and I will have a little talk in the kitchen. There's a sentence I never thought I'd say.
You know how you throw your jacket on a chair at the end of the day? Well, like that - only, instead of a chair, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of a jacket, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of the end of the day, it's the end of time and garbage is all that has survived!
First divorce: wife's hidden sexuality, not my fault. Second divorce: said the wrong name at the altar, kind of my fault. Third divorce: they shouldn't let you get married when you're that drunk and have stuff drawn all over your face, Nevada's fault.
Wow. This is the first time I've walked down the aisle without the possibility of it ending in divorce.
I can handle this. "Handle" is my middle name. Actually, "handle" is the middle of my first name.
The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic... basically just trying to stay awake.
Hello, Fawlty Towers. Ah, yes, Mr. O'Reilly. Well, it's quite simple. When I asked you to build me a wall, I was rather thinking that instead of just dumping the bricks down in a pile, you might find time to cement them together one on top of the other in the traditional fashion. Could you fill it in, please? Oh, splendid! Yes, but when, Mr. O'Reilly? There. There. Yes, but when? Ah, I see: the flu. Both names, please. Yes, I should have guessed, Mr. O'Reilly; that and the potato famine, I suppose.
O'Reilly, I have seen more intelligent creatures than you lying on their backs at the bottoms of ponds. I have seen better-organised creatures than you running round farmyards with their heads cut off. Now collect your things and get out! I never want to see you or any of your men in my hotel again!
Ah, hello, Mr. O'Reilly. How are you this morning? Oh, good, good. No rare diseases, or anything? Oh, I do beg your pardon: Basil Fawlty, you remember? The poor sod you do jobs for? Well now, how are things your end? Oh, good. Good, good, good. Well now, how would you like to hear about things my end? Oh, well, up to your usual standard I think I can say. A few holes in the floor, the odd door missing; but nothing you can't be sued for.
No, I don't want to debate about it, if you're not over here in twenty minutes with my door I shall come over there and insert a large garden gnome in you. Good day.
Oh, dear, what happened? Did you get entangled in the eiderdown again? Not enough cream in your eclair? Hmmm... or did you have to talk to all your friends for so long that you didn't have time to perm your ears?
These premises do not come up to the standard required by this authority. Unless appropriate steps are taken instantly, I shall have no alternative but to prosecute or recommend closure to the appropriate committee of the council. Specifically, lack of proper cleaning routines, dirty and greasy filters, greasy and encrusted deep fat fryer, dirty, cracked, and stained food preparation surfaces, dirty, cracked, and missing wall and floor tiles, dirty, marked, and stained utensils, dirty and greasy interior surfaces of the ventilator hoods.
I say to man in shop "Is rat." He say "No, no, no. Is a special kind of hamster. Is filigree Siberian hamster." Only one in shop. He make special price: only five pound.
Have you ever heard of the bubonic plague, Manuel? It was very popular here at one time. A lot of pedigreed hamsters came over on ships from Siberia.
Are you sure? Fine! Well, you go and have a really good night's sleep then, I'm hoping to get a couple hours later on myself but I'll be up in good time to serve you your breakfast in bed. If you can remember to sleep with your mouth open you won't even have to wake up, I'll just drop in small pieces of lightly buttered kipper when you're breathing in the right direction if that doesn't put you out!
You ponce in here, expecting to be handwaited on hand and foot while I'm trying to run a hotel here! Have you any idea of how much there is to do? Do you ever think of that? Of course not! You're too busy sticking your noses into every corner, poking about for things to complain about, aren't you?
Well, people don't talk that much in the morning. Look, I'm just delivering a tray, right. If the guest isn't singing, "Oh, What a Beautiful Mornin'," I don't immediately think, "Oh, there's another snuffed it in the night! Another name in the Fawlty Towers Book of Remembrance." I mean, this is supposed to be a hotel, not a Burma railway!
Well, may I ask what you expected to see out of a Torquay hotel bedroom window? Sydney Opera House, perhaps? The Hanging Gardens of Babylon? Herds of wildebeest sweeping majestically...?
Manuel... my wife informs me that you're... depressed. Let me tell you something. Depression is a very bad thing. It's like a virus. If you don't stamp on it, it spreads throughout the mind, and then one day you wake up in the morning and you... you can't face life any more!
Well, that was fun, wasn't it dear, the odd moment like that? It's almost worth staying alive for, isn't it? It's nice to share a moment like that, isn't it, dear? It's what marriage is all about. I know - I read it on the back of a matchbox.
We have a Spanish porter at the moment, he's from Barcelona. It'd be quicker to train an ape!
I cheated on the intelligence test, I'm sorry! But I just want to say that the past few weeks have been great. Me and you have done stuff together, you've helped me out with things, and we're closer than we've ever been. I love you, Dad, and I think if something can bring us that close, it can't possibly be bad.
Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, contrary to what you've just seen, war is neither glamorous nor fun. There are no winners, only losers. There are no good wars, with the following exceptions: The American Revolution, World War II, and the Star Wars trilogy. If you'd like to learn more about war, there's lots of books in your local library, many of them with cool, gory pictures. Well, good night, everybody! Peace, man.
Look, there's only one thing worse than being a loser. It's being one of those guys that sits in a bar, telling the story of how he became a loser, and I never want that to happen to me.
Balderdash! Why, I once watched "Gentleman" Jim Corbett fight an Eskimo fellow bare-knuckled for a hundred and thirteen rounds! Of course, back then, if a fight lasted less than fifty rounds, we demanded our nickel back!
Quit complaining! This way I don't have to waste money on morphine! Well Smithers, you were right, he was not dead. I guess I owe you a Coke after all. And as for you, you clinking, clattering cacophony of collagenous cogs and camshifts, take that!
I been slumping all season but now I found a reason. I struck on a love that is true. I used to play the field, I used to be a roamer, but the season's turning 'round for me now. I finally bagged me a homer. That's right, I finally bagged me a Homer.
I've sold monorails to Brockway, Ogdenville, and North Haverbrook, and by gum, it put them on the map. Well sir, there's nothing on Earth like a genuine, bona fide, electrified six-car monorail. What'd I say?
You're right, Mom. I shouldn't let this bother me. I'm in television now. It's my job to be repetitive. My job. My job. Repetitiveness is my job. I'm gonna go out there and give the best performance of my life!
On the 11:00 news tonight, a certain kind of soft drink has been found to be lethal. We won't tell you which one until after sports and the weather with Funny Sonny Storm.
Good evening, here's an update on last week's nursing home expose, "Geezers in Freezers" - it turns out the rest home was adequately heated; the footage you saw was of a fur-storage facility. We've also been told to apologize for using the term "geezers". Now, coming up next, "The Case of the Cantankerous Old Geezer."
We've come up with a camera so tiny it fits into this oversized novelty hat. Now, go get us some incriminating footage. And remember: you have to get in and out for 10 minutes, or you suffer permanent neck damage.
Oh... and how is education supposed to make me feel smarter? Besides, every time I learn something new, it pushes some old stuff out of my brain. Remember when I took that home wine-making course and I forgot how to drive?
Come on, Marge, I want to shake off the dust of this one-horse town. I want to explore the world. I want to watch TV in a different time zone. I want to visit strange, exotic malls. I'm sick of eating hoagies. I want a grinder, a sub, a foot-long hero. I want to live, Marge! Won't you let me live? Won't you, please?
Mom, I know your intentions are good but aren't the police the protective force that maintains the status quo for the wealthy elite? Don't you think we ought to attack the roots of social problems instead of jamming people into overcrowded prisons?
Hello, Springfield. Sorry to divert your attention from all the big noises and shiny things. But something's been troubling me lately: television! Wouldn't our lives be so much richer if television were done away with?
Oh, and one more thing; I've stolen a nuclear weapon. And if you do not rid this city of television in two hours, I will detonate it. Farewell. By the way, I'm well aware of the irony of appearing on TV in order to decry it, so don't bother pointing that out.
Yes, the Simpsons have come a long way since an old drunk made humans out of his rabbit characters to pay off his gambling debts. Who knows what adventures they'll have between now and the time the show becomes unprofitable?
Okay, maybe my dad did steal Itchy. But so what? Animation is built on plagiarism. If it weren't for someone plagiarizing The Honeymooners we wouldn't have The Flintstones. If someone hadn't ripped off Sergeant Bilko, there'd be no Top Cat. Huckleberry Hound, Chief Wiggum, Yogi Bear, hah! Andy Griffith, Edward G. Robinson, Art Carney. Your Honor, you take away our right to steal ideas, where are they gonna come from? Her?
The only problem with the treatment was that it worked too well. You became unable to express any anger at all. From that point on, any time you felt angry, you could only respond with a string of nonsensical jabbering.
Hello. I'm Leonard Nimoy. The following tale of alien encounters is true. And by true, I mean false. It's all lies. But they're entertaining lies. And in the end, isn't that the real truth? The answer is no. Now our story begins on a Friday morning in a little town called Springfield...
I'm interested in upgrading my 28.8 kilobaud internet connection to a 1.5 megabit fiber optic T1 line. Will you be able to provide an IP router that's compatible with my token ring ethernet LAN configuration?
I'm saying you're what's wrong with America, Simpson. You coast through life, you do as little as possible and you leach your decent hardworking people like me.
You can't treat the working man this way! One of these days we'll form a union, and get the fair and equitable treatment we deserve! Then we'll go too far, and become corrupt and shiftless, and the Japanese will eat us alive!
My turn. Kwyjibo. K-W-Y-J-I-B-O, 22 points, plus triple word score, plus 50 points for using all my letters. Game's over, I'm outta here.
All right. This town must be hot. They don't need a large ad or even correct spelling! Get me two tickets for whatever state Springfield is in!
He'll tell you that in nature one creature invariably eats another to survive. Don't kid yourself, Jimmy. If a cow ever got the chance, he'd eat you and everyone you care about!
You're in big trouble, Burns. Homer Simpson's job requires college training in nuclear physics. Now you get your man up to speed, or we'll be forced to take legal action.
One thing is for certain, there is no stopping them; the ants will soon be here. And I, for one, welcome our new insect overlords.
Oh yeah, I know. We're all part-time here. You see that guy over there? Now, he's an actor. The guy on the phone, he's a prize fighter. This lady over here, she's a beautician. The man behind her, he's a writer. Me? I'm a cab driver. I'm the only cab driver in this place.
You no good little slimebag! I'm going to make you the second most miserable cab driver in New York City! I'll make sure your windows don't open in the summer, and that the heating doesn't work in the winter! I'll take the headrest off your driver's seat and send you to the most desolate parts of town! The most miserable cab driver in New York is the one that either lets him down... or feeds him!
The ability to witness two men stand toe to toe in the spirit of sportsmanship and pummel each other into insensibility is what separates us from the animals.
Hey, Alex - you know the really great thing about television? If something important happens, anywhere in the world, night or day... you can always change the channel.
I wonder about things, like, if they call an orange an "orange," then why don't we call a banana a "yellow" or an apple a "red?" Blueberries, I understand. But will someone explain gooseberries to me?
Well, isn't this great, we've all learned something. Tony can't choose who his sister's gonna fall for, Monica can't choose who she's gonna fall for, and I think that I've learned the greatest lesson of all. I love being lifted.
Let's face it, Reiger, crime pays. You know people go around thinking if they do something bad, then something bad has gotta happen to them. Well, I am living proof that that's not true.
Now wait a minute. Just a minute. There's only one thing you need in life to make you happy, and that is friends. That's all you need is friends, and then you'll be happy. So if you have friends, you'll be a happy person. You also need food and clothes.
Yep, half a million people gathered together in peace and harmony, grooving to Joni and The Who. Hey, you know, if I hadn't gone, there would have only been 499,999 people.
Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? Caught in a landslide, no escape from reality. Open your eyes, look up to the skies and see. I'm just a poor boy, I need no sympathy, because I'm easy come, easy go, little high, little low. Any way the wind blows doesn't really matter to me, to me.
I see a little silhouetto of a man. Scaramouche, Scaramouche, will you do the Fandango? Thunderbolt and lightning, very, very fright'ning me. Galileo, Galileo, Galileo, figaro, magnifico. I'm just a poor boy, nobody loves me. He's just a poor boy from a poor family. Spare him his life from this monstrosity.
So you think you can stone me and spit in my eye? So you think you can love me and leave me to die? Oh, baby, can't do this to me, baby! Just gotta get out, just gotta get right outta here! Nothing really matters, anyone can see. Nothing really matters. Nothing really matters to me, any way the wind blows.
I sit at my table and wage war on myself. It seems like it's all, it's all for nothing. I know the barricades and I know the mortar in the wall breaks. I recognize the weapons, I used them well. This is my mistake. Let me make it good. I raised the wall and I will be the one to knock it down.
I've a rich understanding of my finest defenses. I proclaim that claims are left unstated. I demand a rematch. I decree a stalemate. I divine my deeper motives. I recognize the weapons. I've practiced them well; I fitted them myself.
It's amazing what devices you can sympathize, empathize. This is my mistake; let me make it good. I raised the wall and I will be the one to knock it down.
Reach out for me and hold me tight. Hold that memory. Let my machine talk to me, let my machine talk to me. This is my world and I am world leader pretend. This is my life and this is my time. I have been given the freedom to do as I see fit. It's high time I've raised the walls that I've constructed.
The other night I dreamt of knives, continental drift divide. Mountains sit in a line, Leonard Bernstein, Leonid Brezhnev, Lenny Bruce, and Lester Bangs. Birthday party, cheesecake, jellybean, boom. You symbiotic, patriotic, slam book neck, right? Right.
That's great it starts with an earthquake. Birds and snakes and aeroplanes and Lenny Bruce is not afraid.
It's always difficult to keep personal prejudice out of a thing like this. And wherever you run into it, prejudice always obscures the truth. I don't really know what the truth is. I don't suppose anybody will ever really know. Nine of us now seem to feel that the defendant is innocent, but we're just gambling on probabilities - we may be wrong. We may be trying to let a guilty man go free, I don't know. Nobody really can. But we have a reasonable doubt, and that's something that's very valuable in our system. No jury can declare a man guilty unless it's sure.
Let me ask you this: Do you really think the boy'd shout out a thing like that so the whole neighborhood could hear him? I don't think so - he's much too bright for that.
Brother, I've seen all kinds of dishonesty in my day, but this little display takes the cake. Y'all come in here with your hearts bleedin' all over the floor about slum kids and injustice, you listen to some fairy tales... Suddenly, you start gettin' through to some of these old ladies. Well, you're not getting through to me, I've had enough.
Here's what I think happened: the old man heard the fight between the boy and his father a few hours earlier. Then, when he's lying in his bed, he heard a body hit the floor in the boy's apartment, heard the woman scream from across the street, got to his front door as fast as he could, heard somebody racing down the stairs and assumed it was the boy!
I don't understand you people! I mean all these picky little points you keep bringing up. They don't mean nothing! You saw this kid just like I did. You're not gonna tell me you believe that phony story about losing the knife, and that business about being at the movies. Look, you know how these people lie! It's born in them! I mean, what the heck? I don't have to tell you! They don't know what the truth is!
Brother, you really are somethin'. You sit here, vote guilty like the rest of us, then some golden-voiced preacher starts tearing your poor heart out about some underprivileged kid, just couldn't help becoming a murderer, and you change your vote. Well, if that isn't the most sickening - why don't you drop a quarter in his collection box?
This gentleman has been standing alone against us. Now, he doesn't say that the boy is not guilty; he just isn't sure. Well, it's not easy to stand alone against the ridicule of others, so he gambled for support... and I gave it to him. I respect his motives. The boy is probably guilty, but - eh, I want to hear more. Right now the vote is 10 to 2...
According to the testimony, the boy looks guilty... maybe he is. I sat there in court for six days listening while the evidence built up. Everybody sounded so positive, you know, I... I began to get a peculiar feeling about this trial. I mean, nothing is that positive. There're a lot of questions I'd have liked to ask. I don't know, maybe they wouldn't have meant anything, but... I began to get the feeling that the defense counsel wasn't conducting a thorough enough cross-examination. I mean, he... he let too many things go by... little things that...
One man is dead, another man's life is at stake, if there's a reasonable doubt in your minds as to the guilt of the accused, uh a reasonable doubt, then you must bring me a verdict of "Not Guilty". If, however, there's no reasonable doubt, then you must, in good conscience, find the accused "Guilty". However you decide, your verdict must be unanimous. In the event that you find the accused "Guilty", the bench will not entertain a recommendation for mercy. The death sentence is mandatory in this case. You're faced with a grave responsibility, thank you, gentlemen.
To continue, you've listened to a long and complex case, murder in the first degree. Premeditated murder is the most serious charge tried in our criminal courts. You've listened to the testimony; you've had the law read to you and interpreted as it applies in this case; it's now your duty to sit down and try to separate the facts from the fancy.
I feel sorry for you. What it must feel like to want to pull the switch! Ever since you walked into this room, you've been acting like a self-appointed public avenger. You want to see this boy die because you personally want it, not because of the facts! You're a sadist!
What's the matter with you guys? You all know he's guilty! He's got to burn! You're letting him slip through our fingers!
He was an old man! Half the time he was confused! How could he be positive about anything?
Nobody has to prove otherwise. The burden of proof is on the prosecution. The defendant doesn't even have to open his mouth. That's in the Constitution.
Don't give me that. I'm sick and tired of facts! You can twist 'em anyway you like, you know what I mean?
Hey, mom! It's Russell Hammond. I play guitar in Stillwater. Hey, how does it feel to be the mother of the greatest rock journalist we've met? Hello? Hello...? Look, you've got a really great kid here. There's nothing to worry about. We're taking good care of him, and you should come to the show sometime - join the circus...
This is not some apron-wearing mother you're speaking with - I know all about your Valhalla of decadence and I shouldn't have let him go. He's not ready for your world of compromised values and diminished brain cells that you throw away like confetti. Am I speaking to you clearly?
I didn't ask for this role, but I'll play it. Now go do your best. Be bold, and mighty forces will come to your aid. Goethe said that. It's not too late for you to become a person of substance, Russell. Please get my son home safely. You know, I'm glad we spoke.
Music, you know, true music - not just rock 'n' roll - it chooses you. It lives in your car, or alone, listening to your headphones - you know, with the vast, scenic bridges and angelic choirs in your brain. It's a place apart from the vast, benign lap of America.
First it was butter then it was sugar and white flour, bacon, eggs, bologna, rock 'n' roll, motorcycles. Then it was celebrating Christmas on a day in September when you knew it wouldn't be commercialized! What else are you gonna ban?
In Carl Jung's opinion, we all have a sixth sense - intuition. When you meet someone and you suddenly feel like you can't live without them. This could be the memory of a past love from the collective unconscious. Or it could just be hormones.
That's because we're uncool. And while women will always be a problem for us, most of the great art in the world is about that very same problem. Good-looking people don't have any spine. Their art never lasts. They get the girls, but we're smarter.
Aw, man. You made friends with them. See, friendship is the booze they feed you. They want you to get drunk on feeling like you belong.
My advice to you. I know you think those guys are your friends. You wanna be a true friend to them? Be honest, and unmerciful.
If you think Mick Jagger will still be out there trying to be a rock star at age fifty, then you are sadly, sadly mistaken.
My name is Harvey Pekar - that's an unusual name - Harvey Pekar. 1960 was the year I got my first apartment and my first phone book. Now imagine my surprise when I looked up my name and saw that in addition to me, another Harvey Pekar was listed.
Yes. I consider myself a nerd. And this movie has uplifted me. There's this one scene, where a nerd grabs the microphone during a pep rally and announces that he is a nerd and that he is proud of it and stands up for the rights of other nerds.
You know, I don't really know what to expect. Sometimes you look like a younger Brando... but then the way Crumb draws you, you look... like a hairy ape, with all these wavy, stinky lines undulating off your body. I don't really know what to expect.
You know, you go to thrift shops and you go to garage sales because you think you're going to find something that's, you know, real rare. And most of the time, it's a total waste of time, but once in a while, you'll, you'll come up with something that'll whet your appetite.
Here's our man. Yeah, all right. Here's me. Well, the guy playin' me anyway. Even though he don't look nothin' like me. But, whatever.
If you think reading comics about your life seems strange, try watching a play about it. God only knows how I'll feel when I see this movie.
Ray, people will come, Ray. They'll come to Iowa for reasons they can't even fathom. They'll turn up your driveway not knowing for sure why they're doing it. They'll arrive at your door as innocent as children, longing for the past. "Of course, we won't mind if you look around," you'll say. "It's only $20 per person." They'll pass over the money without even thinking about it, for it is money they have and peace they lack.
The one constant through all the years, Ray, has been baseball. America has rolled by like an army of steamrollers. It has been erased like a blackboard, rebuilt, and erased again. But baseball has marked the time. This field, this game: it's a part of our past, Ray. It reminds us of all that once was good, and it could be again. Oh... people will come, Ray. People will most definitely come.
We just don't recognize life's most significant moments while they're happening. Back then I thought, "Well, there'll be other days." I didn't realize that was the only day.
The man wrote the best books of his generation. And he was a pioneer of the civil rights and the anti-war movement. I mean, he made the cover of Newsweek. He knew everybody. He did everything. And he helped shape his time. I mean, the guy hung out with The Beatles! But in the end, it wasn't enough. What he missed was baseball.
I was the East Coast distributor of "involved." I ate it, drank it, and breathed it... Then they killed Martin, Bobby, and they elected Tricky Dick twice, and people like you must think I'm miserable because I'm not involved anymore. Well, I've got news for you. I spent all my misery years ago. I have no more pain for anything. I gave at the office.
By the time I was ten, playing baseball got to be like eating vegetables or taking out the garbage. So when I was fourteen, I started to refuse. Could you believe that? An American boy refusing to play catch with his father.
Getting thrown out of baseball was like having part of me amputated. I've heard that old men wake up and scratch itchy legs that been dust for over fifty years. That was me. I'd wake up at night with the smell of the ballpark in my nose, the cool of the grass on my feet... The thrill of the grass.
Mom died when I was three, and I suppose Dad did the best he could. Instead of Mother Goose, I was put to bed at night to stories of Babe Ruth, Lou Gehrig, and the great Shoeless Joe Jackson. Dad was a Yankees fan then, so of course I rooted for Brooklyn. But in '58, the Dodgers moved away, so we had to find other things to fight about. We did. And when it came time to go to college, I picked the farthest one from home I could find. This of course drove him right up the wall, which I suppose was the point.
Then Annie got the crazy idea that she could talk me into buying a farm. I'm thirty-six years old, I love my family, I love baseball, and I'm about to become a farmer. And until I heard the Voice, I'd never done a crazy thing in my whole life.
The only thing we had in common was that she was from Iowa, and I had once heard of Iowa.
I never got to bat in the major leagues. I'd have liked to have had that chance just once, to stare down a big league pitcher. To stare him down, then just as he goes into his windup, wink. Make him think you know something he doesn't. That's what I wish for.
I used to love travelling on the trains from town to town. The hotels... brass spittoons in the lobbies, brass beds in the rooms. It was the crowd, rising to their feet when the ball was hit deep. Shoot, I'd play for nothing!
I wish I had your passion, Ray... Misdirected though it might be, it is still a passion.
This is my most special place in all the world, Ray. Once a place touches you like this the wind never blows so cold again. You feel for it like it was your child. I can't leave Chisholm.
Man, I did love this game. I'd have played for food money. It was the game... The sounds, the smells. Did you ever hold a ball or a glove to your face?
Read the newspaper. What does it say? All bad. It's all bad. People have forgotten what life is all about. They've forgotten what it is to be alive. They need to be reminded. They need to be reminded of what they have and what they can lose. What I feel is the joy of life, the gift of life, the freedom of life, the wonderment of life!
What we do know is that, as the chemical window closed, another awakening took place; that the human spirit is more powerful than any drug - and that is what needs to be nourished: with work, play, friendship, family. These are the things that matter. This is what we'd forgotten - the simplest things.
You'd think at a certain point all these atypical somethings would amount to a typical something.
When my son was born healthy, I never asked why. Why was I so lucky? What did I do to deserve this perfect child, this perfect life? But when he got sick, you can bet I asked why! I demanded to know why! Why was this happening?
His gaze is from the passing of bars so exhausted that it doesn't hold a thing anymore. For him it's as if there were thousands of bars and behind the thousands of bars no world. The sure stride of lithe, powerful steps that around the smallest of circles turns is like a dance of pure energy about a center in which a great will stands numbed. Only occasionally without a sound do the covers of the eyes slide open. An image rushes in, goes through the tensed silence of the frame, only to vanish forever in the heart.
Hello. My name is Leonard Lowe. It has been explained to me that I've been away for quite some time. I'm back.
Ronald Reagan? The actor? Then who's Vice President? Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wyman is the First Lady! And Jack Benny is Secretary of the Treasury. I've had enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy!
You know, Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really made a difference in my life. You've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing that I'm going to be around to see 1985. That I'm gonna succeed in this! That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time!
Stand tall, boy. Have some respect for yourself. Don't you know if you let people walk over you now they'll be walking over you for the rest of your life! Look at me. You think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house?
They wanted me to build them a bomb so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shoddy bomb casing full of used pinball machine parts. Come on! Let's get you a radiation suit. We must prepare to reload.
Now, remember. According to my theory, you interfered with your parents' first meeting. If they don't meet, they won't fall in love, they won't get married, and they won't have kids. That's why your older brother's disappearing from that photograph. Your sister will follow, and unless you repair the damage, you'll be next.
I noticed your band is on the roster for the dance auditions after school today. Why even bother, McFly? You don't have a chance. You're too much like your old man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley!
Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour the instant the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine.
In other news, officials at the Pacific Nuclear Research Facility have denied the rumor that a case of missing plutonium was, in fact, stolen from their vault two weeks ago. A Libyan terrorist group had claimed responsibility for the alleged theft. However, officials now attribute the discrepancy to a simple clerical error.
October is inventory time, so right now, Statler Toyota is making the best deals of the year on all 1985-model Toyotas. You won't find a better car at a better price with better service anywhere in Hill Valley. That's Statler Toyota in downtown Hill Valley.
I'm sure that in 1985 plutonium is available in every corner drugstore but in 1955 it's a little hard to come by.
And one for you, McFly; I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickel's worth of free advice, young man. This so-called Dr. Brown is dangerous. He's a real nutcase. You hang around with him, you're gonna end up in big trouble.
There's that word again: "heavy." Why are things so heavy in the future? Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?
The way I see it if you're going to build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style? Besides, the stainless steel construction made the flux dispersal - look out!
I don't worry. This is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you it's like I'm kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it?
No, get out of town. My mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Look, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going out with you and I'd get the standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. I mean, look, I think the woman was born a nun.
Don't you ever talk about my friends. You don't know any of my friends. You don't look at any of my friends. And you certainly wouldn't condescend to speak to any of my friends. So you just stick to the things you know: shopping, nail polish, your father's BMW, and your poor, rich drunk mother in the Caribbean.
It is now 7:06. You have exactly 8 hours and 54 minutes to think about WHY you are here - to ponder the error of your ways. You will not talk... You will not move from these seats. And you will not sleep. All right people, we're going to try something a little different today. We are going to write an essay of no less than a thousand words describing to me who you think you are.
Oh I'm sure that's exactly what you want these people to believe. You know something, Bender? You ought to spend a little more time trying to do something with yourself and a little less time trying to impress people. You might be better off. All right, that's it! I'm going to be right outside those doors! The next time I have to come in here, I'm crackin' skulls!
See, we had this assignment to make this ceramic elephant, and um... and we had eight weeks to do it and we're supposed to, and it was like a lamp, and when you pull the trunk, the light was supposed to go on. My light didn't go on; I got an F on it. Never got an F in my life. When I signed up, you know - for the course, I mean - I thought I was playing it real smart, you know. 'Cause I thought, "I'll take shop; it'll be such an easy way to maintain my grade point average."
The bizarre thing is, is that I did it for my old man... I tortured this poor kid, because I wanted him to think that I was cool. He's always going off about you know when he was in school, all the wild things he used to do. And I got the feeling that he was disappointed that I never cut loose on anyone, right?
We're all pretty bizarre. Some of us are just better at hiding it, that's all.
What do you care what I think anyway? I don't even count, right? I could disappear forever and it wouldn't make any difference. I might as well not even exist at this school, remember?
Remember how you said your parents use you to get back at each other? Wouldn't I be outstanding in that capacity?
I think what our insightful young friend is saying is that we welcome the inevitable seasons of nature, but we're upset by the seasons of our economy.
Well, Mr. Gardner, I must admit that is one of the most refreshing and optimistic statements I've heard in a very, very long time. I admire your good, solid sense. That's precisely what we lack on Capitol Hill.
Do you realize that more people will be watching you tonight than all those who have seen theater plays in the last forty years?
You know what I'd like to be? A cartoon of some kind. You know, like when they get hit in the head with a frying pan or something, and their head looks like the frying pan, with the handle and everything? Then they just go boing and their head comes back to normal? Wouldn't that be great?
I was proud of my work. And the buildings went up. When they were finished the damnedest thing happened. It was like the buildings were too good for us. Nobody told us that. It just felt uncomfortable, that's all.
You know, I used to think I was a really great quarterback in high school. Still think so, too. Can't even bring myself to light a cigarette 'cause I keep thinkin' I gotta stay in shape. You know what really gets me, though? I mean, here I am, I gotta live in this stinkin' town, and I gotta read in the newspapers about some hot-shot kid, new star of the college team. Every year, it's gonna be a new one. Every year it's never gonna be me. I'm just gonna be Mike.
These college kids out here - they're never gonna get old or out of shape 'cause new ones come along every year. And they're gonna keep calling us 'Cutters'. To them, it's just a dirty word. To me, it's just somethin' else I never got a chance to be.
Since you won that Italian bike, man, you've been acting weird. You're really getting to think you're Italian, aren't you?
Don't you know what it means to me to be a Marine, Dad? Ever since I was a kid I've wanted this - I've wanted to serve my country - and I want to go. I want to go to Vietnam and I'll die there if I have to.
They burned the flag and they demonstrated against us; it's on the cover of the paper today. They have no respect. They have no idea what's going on over there, Mom - the men that are sacrificing their lives. People are dying every day over there, and nobody back here even seems to care.
I had a mother, I had a father, things - things that made sense. Do you remember things that made sense? Things you could count on? Before we all got so lost? What are we gonna do, Charlie? What am I gonna do?
It's my leg! I want my leg, you understand? Can't you understand that? All's I'm sayin' is that I want to be treated like a human being! I fought for my country! I am a Vietnam veteran! I fought for my country!
You probably think it's just a hamburger. A patty's just a piece of meat but it can have character. See that doughnut hole? Gets 18 patties to the pound instead of 16. Saves me about $40,000 a year. That's serious money, Ron. I plug the hole with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, spices. I cover it with a pickle. They'll never miss a thing.
Oh, I don't know. I mean, what makes you think that elves are any more magical than something like... like a whale? You know what I mean? What if I told you a story about how underneath the ocean, there was this giant sea mammal that used sonar and sang songs and it was so big that its heart was the size of a car and you could crawl through the arteries? I mean, you'd think that was pretty magical, right?
I finally figured it out. It's like when they realized it was gonna be too expensive to actually build cyborgs and robots. I mean, the costs of that were impossible. They decided to just let humans turn themselves into robots. That's what's going on right now. I mean, why not? There're billions of us just laying around, not really doing anything. We don't cost anything. We're even pretty good at self-maintenance and reproducing constantly. And as it turns out, we're already biologically programmed for our little cyborg upgrades.
I read this thing the other day about how when you hear that ding on your inbox you get like a dopamine rush in your brain. It's like we're being chemically rewarded for allowing ourselves to be brainwashed. How evil is that?
I just feel like there are so many things that I could be doing and probably want to be doing that I'm just not.
I've met a lot of talented people over the years. How many of them made it professionally without discipline, commitment, and really good work ethic? I can tell ya. I can count it on two fingers: Zero. It's not gonna happen for you, Mason. The world is too competitive. There are too many talented people who are willing to work hard; and a buttload of morons who are untalented, who are more than willing to surpass you. As a matter of fact, a lot of them are sitting in that classroom out there right now.
I find myself so furious at all these people that I am in contact with just for controlling me or whatever but you know they are not even aware they are doing it.
I don't think it really helped me, in my love life, my nascent love life. I think that having won something like that could be regarded as being a significant liability.
I don't drink, I don't smoke, I don't do drugs. I play video games, which I think is a far superior addiction to any of those other ones.
I've heard a lot of talk of Billy Mitchell, and I've heard a lot of talk of strange videos and things. But I haven't heard much in the way of him getting in front of a camera crew with people and getting a record in front of people. I haven't heard about that yet. Maybe he did that 25 years ago. But I haven't heard of him doing it lately, and it makes you wonder why not.
We're really seeing a great game here. Uh, it almost - uh, Steve almost lost a man right there at the end of that board. He got a lucky, lucky break. The randomness went the opposite way that it usually goes.
There'll always be the argument that video games are meant to be played for fun. Believe me, some of it's a lot of fun. Video games are meant to be played at home, relaxing on a couch amongst friends. And they are, and that's fun. But competitive gaming, when you wanna attach your name to a world record, when you want your name written into history, you have to pay the price.
I wanted to be a hero. I wanted to be the center of attention. I wanted the glory. I wanted the fame. I wanted the pretty girls to come up and say, "Hi, I see that you're good at Centipede."
I thought I was gonna be the first Funspot kill screen and then I had three fireballs trap me. I had the hammer in my hand; they still got me. So anything can happen in Donkey Kong. So for someone else to beat me to the kill screen would be a letdown, but let's see what happens. Maybe he'll crack under the pressure and maybe I'll get my chance to do it first.
I've always felt there's something inherently psychopathic about joining the army in peacetime. As far as I'm concerned people join the army to find out what it's like to kill someone. I hardly think that's an inclination that should be encouraged in modern society, do you?
He's better at this than I've ever been at anything in my life. He's better at this than you'll ever be at anything. My son has a gift. He has a gift and when you acknowledge that then maybe we will have something to talk about.
He didn't teach you how to win, he taught you how not to lose. That's nothing to be proud of. You're playing not to lose, Josh. You've got to risk losing. You've got to risk everything. You've got to go to the edge of defeat. That's where you want to be, boy - on the edge of defeat.
You have no idea what I want. What is chess, do you think? Those who play for fun or not at all dismiss it as a game. The ones who devote their lives to it for the most part insist that it's a science. It's neither. Bobby Fischer got underneath it like no one before and found at its center art. I spent my life trying to play like him. Most of these guys have. But we're like forgers. We're competent fakes. His successor wasn't here tonight. He wasn't here. He is asleep in his room in your house. Your son creates like Fischer. He sees like him, inside.
